=== Interview for strava 4 ===
 Um, right now, I'm having an amazing time, like I'm doing the things that I love to do.
 However, I think that what's lacking right now is the opportunity to explore new adventures.
 Um, I have been a metaphor for five years and I've gone through like most of the compliance
 programs, starting from Central Privacy to Redcurrent E and right now.
 And I wouldn't necessarily classify as lacking, but I would say an opportunity for me to
 scale my experience.
 I think for a very long time, I've been working in spaces where I thoroughly understand your environment
 and it hasn't been extremely challenging to prove actively provide solutions.
 And so right now, I'm looking forward opportunities to scale my skills.
 Um, within a different environment, um, maybe not necessarily a different industry, but, um,
 a different product or, you know, a different culture.
 When you speak about scale, you're talking about sort of just the, the magnitude of a
 project you're working on or like sort of the program that you're, you're managing or you
 speaking more around, uh, like people, management.
 Yeah, I think it's all of what you said in addition to that.
 I would say that skill means to me, um, from a personal perspective about like diversifying my experience.
 Okay. So yeah. And I can go for that. But let me know if that, if, if that works.
 No, it does. I guess, with a particular skill or interest, you have that you want to explore,
 that you haven't had the opportunity to do so that matter, or, I think, um,
 go ahead. Is it going to be just staying in the privacy sphere and seeing what else you can kind of get your hands on?
 I would say that I've experienced, I've had a very good experience, but the thing about experience
 you never know until you get to a new place and you realize. So I'll give an example.
 When I drank matter, I had done privacy for a couple years. I thought I knew everything about privacy.
 I was so short that I was going to just get in and, you know, start to fix things.
 And I quickly realized that matter was different. As much as, you know, I understood, I had
 done data privacy for banks that had done it for companies and tech entertainment. And getting to
 meta, I realized number one, the infrastructure was so different. The way that the data was
 structured, the culture, everything was very different. And the last five years, years, have expanded
 my data privacy experience in ways that I never thought. So as much as I would say that, I could currently
 say that I have a very good grasp of privacy, but I also knew at the back of my mind that there is,
 um, you know, there are more, um, you know, wider skill experiences that I can lay my hands on,
 that would allow me to continue to grow as I need to be well and as a professional.
 Definitely. And I think you'll find the infrastructure here on the culture as well as going to be
 vastly different to, to meta and any other. Fying for that matter. Um, okay. So as you can see some of the
 questions are on the behavioral, could you? Could you walk me through a time where you disagreed with
 your, with a co-worker or a manager? But in this situation, the disagreement you guys were having,
 you were actually wrong in this discussion. I think this is the couple that I tend to throw
 that everyone hates. But, uh, yeah, I would like to, I mean, and if you can't think of a situation where
 you had a disagreement and you were wrong, um, I'm happy to just listen to a situation where you had
 disagreement in what you did to, kind of, uh, manage that conflict. Yeah, I can definitely give an example.
 I can preface that by seeing that what I've seen in the world of compliance is that
 there isn't necessarily wrong or right. It's very subjective. So what I've seen most times is there
 could be required in the decisions or recommendations that I've made that didn't work at that time.
 So I'll give an example. Um, I was on a project where we were supposed to implement a privacy program
 for a particular organization. And, um, the work that we were supposed to do for that organization was
 to evaluate the regulatory requirements that applied to them. Um, one of what they had given us at the
 beginning was saying that they didn't want to do like an overhaul of like privacy compliance. They wanted
 to focus on, um, um, you know, work that was specific to them. And so at the time, I was still very much new
 in privacy. It was my first year of, you know, like, working on a data privacy role. And I remember,
 um, you know, we were also supposed to implement privacy by design as part of, you know, helping them build
 the privacy program. And one of my recommendation was specifically, um, regarding a product that we were
 supposed to include as part of building out the privacy program. And I believe I had recommended that we have
 a Ropa, specifically, and sorry, Ropa means under record of processing activity according to GDPR.
 And so I had recommended at the time because I was new into it. I recommended that we build a Ropa
 specific for products. Um, the, the, um, the idea was to build Ropa's idea from a programmatic perspective
 from process perspective. The reason why I had asked that we build Ropa from a product perspective,
 was I thought we would have a clearer view on the data. However, what had happened was that there were
 processes happening outside of the product itself, things that had to do with marketing advertising of
 that product that we wouldn't have cut over sites of if we had focused on the product. And so I
 remember going back and forth and saying that I believe because my engineering bring again and came into
 being. But also what I did at the time was I remember my colleague who was also, you know, um,
 more senior pressing. What I did was I listened. I listened to why they were pushing back on my, um,
 approach, even though I thought that I had the right approach. And then what we agreed upon was, hey,
 let's take, um, you know, let's start the process from requirement gathering perspective. And
 let me hear why you think we should do it more so from a programmatic perspective, running process perspective.
 And so when they had provided me and told me about some of the outline or underlying processes that
 we're happening outside of the product itself, um, I was able to, you know, I, I was able to understand
 where they were coming from. And we were then able to take the approach of going from a programmatic
 perspective instead of like working on a group platform, it products itself from a product specific,
 um, standpoint. Was there anything from your argument on grouping by product that's
 was affected into the final decision or was it about the, the, the program process perspective was,
 was just at rights that it approached because it was inclusive of everything.
 And ask the question one more time, I want to make sure I got the first part.
 I was just wondering, like, it sounded like there were two approaches to sort of building out this
 process, uh, the record of processing activities. Correct. Uh, one was two events of a product
 and identifying for each product, what data is being used and has it being handled, uh, for what
 processes. And the other one was more of a generic programmatic process perspective, all for all these business
 processes, here is the data lifecycle, um, being recorded, uh, which is a producting not stick. And I was just
 wondering if there's, presumably each solution had a pros and cons list. Was there anything on your
 side of the solution that was actually a pro that, the programmatic and process solution didn't have
 and was there any coming together of sort of building upon your, your, is it your colleague or your leaders
 point of view? Was there a way to then influence that decision to say okay, well, we could do the programmatic
 process rope or build, but we should also tailor it so that it includes my perspective as well.
 Or is it just simple as like pick one of the other and be the one with that sort of thing?
 No, thank you for that question. retrospective, you know, when I think about it, my recommendation
 of the product was because when I thought about the products, the data on the line data within that
 product was connected to our systems that could help us in the long term automate the process of
 So what I mean by that was when you when the engineers are creating this product, what they do is that
 the product is integrated into some of our data repositories that provided information on the type of data
 that's been used within that product. And so from a scaling standpoint, we could have integrated some
 of our GRC, you know, like technology into that database to be able to collect that data very quickly
 and not have to do the paperwork work of gathering data for each of those processes.
 So I would say that while at the time, you know, even though now that I think about retrospective the
 time, what I thought that it was good, it was a faster process since we didn't have on the line technology
 then that could fit into that could help integrate all of these different systems. Or retrospectively,
 now when I think about it, if we did have technology at the time and we thought about the program
 from a scaling perspective, I think that thinking about doing a ropa from a product standpoint,
 but also bearing in mind that there are on the line processes that we made its consider as part of that,
 you know, that's a mixture that we're documenting the right data. I think that the product routes
 would still have worked in that sense from from a technology standpoint. Yeah, I think that's also my question.
 What I was looking for is essentially sort of, you know, usually during this discussion, each person
 has a point of view, and there's a reason why that person thinks their
 stance is better than the other person. And what I was trying to get from you was basically sort of,
 why was the product side good in your eyes? And I think you've answered that question through the
 scaling and automation perspective. What it doesn't sound like a signature of happened is there wasn't
 sort of like a sketch skating or building upon both ideas to then create like a superlative,
 which is totally fine. But yeah, what I'm saying, it sounds like that may have been the
 right thing to do. Yeah. The context I can provide there was that was my days in consulting
 and consulting projects are usually like very time-based and it's like very fast, like you have to get things
 out of the way. And so there isn't much time to like go back and forth on things, you have to deliver
 to the client because the company has to get money. So that's another thing. Yeah. Yeah.
 Like a whole search case with them. So do you want me to go through a time where you had
 different, so this is going to be quite relevant for consulting? Um, basically what would you
 time walk you through a situation where you had difficulty making sense of a problem you were given?
 So someone gave you a very vague issue to go and solve what was confusing about the project at hand
 and what did you do to get clarification and actually solve it? So talk to me about a time when you were
 given a task that was incredibly ambiguous and what you did to magic. Yeah, I can think of a couple
 I think that the one that, um, just think for a minute when you bring the best. Yeah, take a time.
 So there was a project that one, it wasn't necessary consulting. It was, um, it projects where you know
 after, after my time in consulting. Um, the issue was that we had data that had potentially been exposed.
 Now there wasn't any, there wasn't necessarily any breach reported yet, but the data was exposed
 and what caused the exposure of the data was that when the engineers or, you know, the folks who had
 gone to audit like the access, you know, lists, they saw that there were people who were on that list who
 were no longer either on that team or in that department. And the thing about the data was that it had regulatory
 impact. So we're talking about sensitive data and the data and it became some sort of like legal issue.
 And so I was brought at the initial stage of the project to identify what needs to be done. And so
 there were very many, first of all, we couldn't identify, you know, what exactly the impact of the
 exposure looks like because it wasn't clear if people had, you know, if it had been exposed somewhere
 by somebody at third place or whatever. Um, but I think primarily what I was asked to do
 was very vague to be quite honest. I was just asked to come evaluate the issue and solve.
 And so that was one of the projects where I had to number one, do a deep dive of what exactly is the
 challenge here. And what I did that evaluate the challenge was speaking to relevant stakeholders and
 people were involved as part of that particular incident itself. And so part of what that meant was gathering
 and a lot of that always involves like when you're talking with stakeholders, it's like, this is the
 problem we had, this is the problem we have now and things like that. So it was being able to identify
 like, how do I also prioritize the problems that I'm hearing? Because everybody wants to talk about
 what's going wrong in so many different factions. And so the first thing that I had to do was to
 identify the stakeholders who are the stakeholders that are having impacted by this process and would
 be relevant to the solution in this process. Once I identified that, I began to speak to them about what
 they believed the challenge was that they were experiencing. Because while some people felt like the
 challenge was the data exposure, some of the people felt like the challenge wasn't the data exposure,
 what it was, the resultant effect of that, which connected systems might be attached to the
 particular system that has like the own organized SEO and we could have challenges there. And so
 it's like the problem is a mountain on top of each other. And so what I had to do, even hearing the
 solution was to start to stack a rank from a risk standpoint. What do we solve right now? What can be
 a fast resolution? What's the challenges that you're highlighting that could potentially be
 an impact in the future? And so from that prioritizing the solution, obviously using the risk-based
 approach and then decided to identify what are the controls that we have to deal in place that can be used
 to sort for this. So it's one thing to identify what the challenges are, but it's another thing to identify,
 do we have quick ways to achieve quick wins in order to make sure that we're solving that situation.
 Do we have underlying policies, for example, that we can you know provide and you know circulate
 around teams to be able to get that done? Do we have underlying technology and things like that? And then
 from there, we weren't able to build a roadmap to solve for the problem. And so what a roadmap looks like was,
 we're going to solve this problem. This is our end goal, but this are the bike packets or these are
 the bike pieces on how we're going to get to that end roadmap. So we had the project actually went
 through almost nine months, but we had a bike size approach where we gave ourselves like a milestone,
 we took a milestone approach. And we said every two months, we're going to achieve X, Y, Z. We're going to do,
 you know, we're going to clean up. So if I can give just a very practical example, the first thing was that
 you know, somebody had recommended it was, wipe everybody off the ACL, make sure nobody has access and then
 give people access from start. What we realized is if you do that, it was going to break some of the
 table access and it was going to cost like chaos. And so we have to think about ways on how we can,
 you know, start to think about the saving of course with thousands of people who had access to this ACL
 and we couldn't do the audit at once. So we thought about the first, you know, these systems that are the
 critical ones, how do we make sure that we evaluate the access there? And then we did like a roadmap,
 shared our timeline, shared what our end goal was going to look like. And that's how we were able to
 solve for that problem. So how did you, so speaking about the access thing obviously just,
 so she knows what's in sufficient, she's going to close down stream issues. How did you then manage that?
 How did you know how to mitigate the access problem in a fast way? What was sort of the solution there?
 Yeah, so the solution actually hit that one was very interesting. So we were running things in tandem.
 So what I did was I had obviously legal, the first thing we needed to do was I had to speak
 what is the legal implication of this right now? Like what do we need to do today? So that if anything
 happens and some of that was also in a way, the data was associated with potential implementations.
 And so we had to identify like what come the quickly due to make sure that we're not, you know,
 on the, you know, on the crux of any like legal risk issue situation. On the time then I had a, I had a team
 on the engineering site that was beginning to start auditing names and evaluating things to see who
 doesn't need to be so what they had done at the time was they told me the specific tables that they had.
 And they had, it wasn't necessarily standardized but they had a mental sense of systems that had more sensitive
 data and they started to evaluate those ones and began to remove names of people or remove, you know,
 data, people who no longer needed access to that. Another thing that we did was we also set up what we called
 like an emergency time-based access where we were sending like, you know, like workplace messages to
 people to say like, if we don't hear from you about like access in this data, within XYZ number of days
 XYZ number of weeks we're going to cut the access. And so we did that as well. So all of this was happening
 and it's handy. No, yeah, does that, is that good? Yeah, that's a good question. And then you mentioned
 about prioritization as well, I mean obviously this is the moment projects is going to be a lot's. What
 was your risk-based approach to the sermon like it? It sounds like some layers to it. So one just told you
 at a high level, fix the issue. And the issue sounds like there was a very loosely termed ACL with a bunch of
 names that should be having access to things. But then there were downstream tables and permissions
 that they have inherited that. Correct. Correct. And we're also going to be misogated for like future
 problems. How does someone kind of a purchase problem and say, okay, this is the p0 thing we need to do right
 now and these ones are p1 and so we can do them two months time. Yeah, absolutely. So the way that we took a
 risk-based approach was I, before that time, I had implemented a risk register where we had different
 categories of risk. And we had, you know, risk regulatory risk for example, we had operational risk and
 all of that. Now, we also from that risk-rating methodology, we also had categorized different types of
 risk scenarios. So for example, when I was talking about like, you know, demyanking everybody off. That was
 going to be an operational risk for example, right? And so we also thought about what are the regulatory
 risk and from a regulatory standpoint, we talked about what is the legal risk that could, you know,
 come up as the result of this. And we on that the risk of any regulatory scrutiny at the time,
 actually, for that specific data, we were going to get reported requirements in a few months to
 provide how. So what in what actually caused that situation to be off-level, because that it had been
 for a while, that situation had been happening where people were accessing that data and no one knew,
 but what really like brought it to the fore was that we started to get a signal that we were going to be
 audited for that data, specifically. And so because of that, we also had to focus on what specific types of
 data where we were going to be audited on and what systems contained those data. And so we had to focus
 on that as well. I think going to dive into it, like, into how we thought about like the many types of
 risk like repetition of all of that, but let me know if that helps. So if you want me to go deeper.
 No, I'll just be right over the time. I think you've answered the question as to, like I said,
 I'm looking forward to that. So I appreciate it. I'm almost tracking my notes now. I don't, okay.
 Could you, uh, I think about this question, we'll dynamically, previously, but I'm also going to
 again, uh, one of the things I'm curious about is, would you, you observe the skill in a mental or a
 leader or a colleague that you've noticed to something you want to help. It enhance or develop this year.
 I guess the is open out. You want to improve your skills. You've seen that you'll pair your
 mental or your colleague or someone has, uh, has this skill that you want. What is it?
 And what are you doing to to learn that skill? Uh, it could be anything from soft skills to technical skills.
 Yeah, um, can I go way back or do it doesn't have to be in the past year?
 Doesn't it be the past year? Okay. What I'm really looking for is just sort of how
 we can do it all. Observe certain things that they're, uh, what's it to improve? They're not actually
 actioning that that thing to improve it. So yeah, yeah, an example of that would be great. Yeah, for sure.
 One of the very strong skills that I learned, um, early on in my consulting career was from my senior
 manager who also served at that coach. And it was the skill of, I don't know if it's, if it sounds like
 skill, but it was a concept that I learned from her stakeholder collaboration and stakeholder
 buying. Um, what I, for me, you know, like, you've been new and been in an environment where compliance
 is a very subjective area that I learned so quick. And therefore, everybody can have recommendations in the
 room or ideas in the room that they all feel is right and it just might be right. And so as a leader
 project, it's very, it's, it's a hard or daunting task if I could say not impossible to bring
 everybody in alignment and helping everybody see that that idea contained a piece of theirs. Right. And so
 one of the things that she did so exceptionally was number one, she did an excellent job of,
 I want to call it almost like taking all the ingredients of people's ideas in the room and just like
 makes matching it at the end of the day. It brought out this like whole colorful idea that
 everybody could almost see their finger prints on. And so she had a way number one to listen very clearly.
 And it was very interesting to me that even as a young, you know, at the time I was very young to
 the preferred, you know, to the industry. Here in people makes certain recommendations like from just
 my experience, I was like, it's nothing make any sense, but she was able to draw the sense out of what
 the way saying it was almost like she had the ability to take romance heroes and transform that into gold. If
 I may say, and I know I'm speaking very, you know, like, you know, in a very, I don't know the word,
 but that I learned so I learned very quickly. And what that has allowed me to do is that it has allowed
 me to be very open minded. In a way that no matter how strong I think that my recommendations are,
 especially as somebody who's done data privacy for a very long time and I like to all risk and I like to
 pride myself that I'm very good at this thing. I know this space so well. That skill that I learned from
 her has allowed me to be able to pause and listen to everyone's perspective and see what could I
 bring out of it because also what I saw that it did the impact of that was that it brought diversity
 of thoughts and diversity of ideas. It allowed people to feel like they were listened to and you don't
 also brought like just uniformity of teamwork in, you know, in our space and what I saw. So that's one
 really fundamental skill that I learned from my mentor while I was in consulting.
 So when you, when you were observing those thoughts, how do you know this was something that you
 need to grow in and you weren't already good at this? I knew I needed to grow in it because from
 you consulting perspective at the time it was all about, you know, making sure the clients were happy.
 And I didn't have experience where you thought you were incorporating ideas effectively on what was
 kind of your like crap. I'm not good at this. I need to find the way you're good at it.
 Oh many of them, many many of them. And that showed itself especially in rooms where you had a very
 diverse combination of stickers. So now you've got an example. Now when you have engineers and lawyers in
 the room and you have, so if I could just without putting names on it, you had technical people that
 are not technical people in the room, it's always very hard to, and well, like I described,
 or I described myself as somebody who knows how to interpret. I quickly realized that it wasn't just
 about interpreting things to people and being able to say, oh, like to the engineering team,
 like we're supposed to implement a rope out, but also hearing from the engineering team, like,
 what does the practical implementation of a rope out look like? And can you bring in your thought as
 well in how you think like the end goal of a rope actually look at it? And I'm just using a rope
 of for example, but I've seen that in in cases where I was at this at the beginning, it was hard for me
 to bridge the gap between different teams and to be able to bring all their collective ideas into one.
 Many times I struggled with saying, like, do we implement what this person? There were times where
 honestly, like it was also very hierarchical in the room, where you would have like certain, you know,
 folks saying, we want this approach and then somebody hierarchies like, no, we don't want that approach
 and all of that. But I quickly learned and I also knew as far as my career that I was going to be
 in leadership positions, at least that's my vision and I knew that that was a specific goal that I needed to
 take and also just not from a professional perspective of a life in general.
 Does that answer? Do I need to do it? Dip dive?
 No, no, I'm just typing as fast as like that. It's something else to the question.
 Okay, so you knew as an issue, having had some experience and struggling to kind of find everyone on a
 common goal or common idea that everyone can chuck ideas up, you saw receiving manager who was also a coach
 of doing this fantastically and you, how did you learn the skill I guess in my question? Did you just
 was it through watching the senior manager and then also trying to then imitate their actions and
 meetings or did you have like, I'm sure it was more of an organic thing but I'm trying to figure out
 how does someone then like figure out they have a gap? See someone that's good at it and then try to
 make sure that they was like, what was your kind of strategy? Yeah, so I would say like, yes, just to
 just to go from where you, because I like that you mentioned that you know, figuring out the gap,
 I figured it out but I also got feedback from other folks that I was working with that, that was an
 area that I could continue to improve upon. How did I learn? It was definitely very organic but I would say
 like it was a lot of number one watching and listening to how she ran her program and also allowing
 myself to feel over time. I think that what was very important to me at the time was that while I
 you know envisioned myself being able to run meetings the way this person was to run in, I also
 had to give myself grace and then I had to give myself room to practice as well. So that meant that
 there were times where I was putting rooms that ordinarily I would opt out of but I would raise my hands
 to go into those rooms in order to practice what I believe I had learned with sitting with this individual
 in her meetings and I also asked questions. I had one on one with her because of just issues my coach and I
 asked her the mindset and the brain behind what she was doing because she had done it so effortlessly
 that it felt like something that it was hard to be able to pick the element of what made it so fantastic.
 So I figured out what it was, what her mindset was when she was maneuvering those conversations and
 you know, and I continue to improve in that as well. What was the mindset if there were me asking?
 Yeah, I think the mindset was a mindset of so, primarily what I remember her telling me was
 to me always keep an open mind. There was never a wrong or right answer. You just have to figure out
 what is in that answer that would be good or that you can't take as a wrong material to build what it is
 that you're building. And then the second thing was also being able to listen, you know, there was
 something she said I'll never forget but she said being able to listen to what people are not saying
 and then they'll almost help them and this is a very hard thing which I've said in different
 settings and people will rule their eyes and they're like it's almost impossible but almost like and I
 thought she did that very well. It's almost like she was able to architect people's solution out of what
 they were not saying by listening to the intention behind what they were building or what they were recommending.
 So for example, when somebody is recommending something and I've experienced this myself,
 when an engineer for example is recommending something, he could be recommending something from
 an efficient system when that makes his life easier. And so for you, from a regulatory standpoint,
 you might be quick to say oh no, that's not going to be complete or that's not going to be effective enough.
 And so you have to listen to his efficiency mindset and then take that and then use that to have another
 conversation on other routes that can allow you to build something efficient while still maintaining
 regulatory requirements. So it's also what I learned from high is being able to understand the intent of
 people's recommendation in order to be able to craft what their solution really needs to be.
 Really missing the lines. Yeah, I think there's a little thing that I'll tell my team which is basically
 simple solving, like is the person bringing up a symptom to the problem and then I'll actually
 discussing the problem or are we truly solving the problem with this meeting? All good answers, again.
 So how are we doing for time? I pretty warm a question and then we can hand it off to you.
 So can you walk me through a project that did not succeed? If we went back in time, what would you have
 done differently to increase the chances of success? So walking through the project, what you felt failed
 and then some retrospectiveness on what we could have done to improve at laser?
 So I remember one every time I think that's one of my, yeah, it's an eagle brick on my career.
 But it was a project that had to do with integrating systems for governance programs. So we had
 a system, so if I can just break it in later times, let me know if I'm going to deep and then I'll
 just come up higher just a little bit. We had two different systems. So we had a system or a program
 that was measuring privacy risk for new products or new processes. So you can think about it as a
 privacy review process, where it was basically products related. And then we had this other compliance
 program that was well, other compliance program, but it's so function that was specific to
 evaluating controls from a compliance standpoint. So what that meant was that it wasn't necessarily
 just targeted towards products, but it was targeted towards our program and our regulatory requirements.
 But what we wanted to do for that project is that we wanted to integrate these two programs together
 so that they can speak to each other in a way that would allow us to audit better. And so what I mean
 by that is we do testing for controls in this program that's the compliance oversight. On the other
 hand we do something that we call implementation testing for how the mitigations that you're providing
 to this product after you know identifying risk is working. So we wanted the mitigations on the product
 side to map to the controls so that when we test the control we understand the surface that the
 control is being implemented upon because the surface includes products and processes. And so where the
 the very brilliant idea I think where the project field was when we started to incorporate
 tooling and technology and it didn't feel like the tooling and technology team were speaking
 the same language. And so what ended up happening was that we had successfully integrated
 both programs outside of the tool but when we got into the tool we ended up saying that whenever somebody
 is evaluating the risk on the product side there would be able to map the risk to a mitigation
 and that mitigation would map to a control activity. The tool in team however did something different
 and the mapping ended up disorganizing the project in such a way that the product team
 could no longer see mitigations but it could only see control activities. And so all of that process
 in itself didn't allow the product team to be able to go forward with identifying mitigations because
 now they were only seeing control activities on their end. And the other thing that had happened
 also was that I don't know if I can explain this in a very lame language. But when you think about
 when I identify a risk first when I see a product identifier so let's say for example I identify
 collection risk and then I identify that the mitigation for collective collection risk is data minimization
 that's the mitigation. Now that mitigation of data minimization come up to a control activity
 that's the data privacy program policy. Now that privacy on our side as well controls
 with mapping to risk. The problem is that there were risk that were being treated by mitigations on our end
 but when we did the mapping of the mitigations to the controls the risk that we're helping mitigate
 those controls wearing necessary applicable to the mitigations if that makes sense.
 So that last piece of advice we had risks that were mapped to mitigations but then that was one side
 of the story that you had mitigations being mapped to controls. Correct and then we had controls being
 mapped to risk. So it was there a discrepancy between control being mapped to mitigations which
 then also had risks and those two buckets were different basically. Correct. So if I could do it
 almost like it's like you we you have a friend called Paul and then you are my friend but then
 me and Paul didn't get along. So that was the problem and so in the tooling itself like the expectation
 was that oh if we were able to map the risk to mitigation and automatically if we map that risk
 to control activity then that should be addressing our mitigation but it was like no and so yeah it was in
 a very successful one and you may want to be asking how did we solve like I don't know if that's
 your next question but let me know what my question was basically like this is an interesting insight right?
 Yes. Now if you want to go if you want to grab a heavy go back in time and restart this project
 what would you do differently or what have you done to solve it since then yeah. Yeah I think the first
 thing that I would have thought about was thinking about what would be the right integration point
 between two programs between the two programs. I think that we what we had done was we didn't necessarily
 think about the right integration point what I would have done was to ensure that number one
 we identify what the integration point would be now obviously the integration point would be risk. So when I
 think about risk risk can solve for a control activity or risk can be solved to a control activity
 but it can also be solved to a mitigation. What we would have thought about was how does the mitigation
 that solving for your risk how does it cascade effectively to that same control that solving for the risk
 and what that means is that controls now have to specify the surface on which they are being implemented
 on. What I mean by that is now when we were writing controls we were writing controls are very high level
 so controls could be for like different programs it could be for finance marketing advertising
 whereas the mitigation is just for finance and so it's ensuring that when I'm writing the control
 the control is specifying the surface on which it's being implemented so that when the mitigation is
 now mapping to that control it maps to that control based on the surface now there is a clean mapping
 and then now I can sufficiently say that if that risk is being mitigated by the control on this
 surface the mitigation is also helping to mitigate that same risk. If you just take it back again
 just overarching the overarching goal of this entire initiative was doing what's like what was the
 problem that was solving or what was the thing it was improving like was this a painkiller or an abstract
 so painkiller or a vitamine or something like are you solving a problem or are you just improving the
 we were solving a problem so we had the auditors in house for that particular issue and so what was
 happening was that we also where I think it was it was new issue we didn't have enough resources that
 could be conducting implementation testing and also conducting control testing so what happened was when
 the auditors came our controls the expectation was that they wanted to see how our controls were
 being implemented across different surfaces but our controls were failing so we were able to say we
 had this control and it was being implemented across the entire organization but then when the
 act force like is it been implemented on this surface we weren't able to prove that and so the mitigation
 team was trying to do their own like implementation testing to show for that we were also trying to do
 control testing and we were all just speaking different languages and so we felt like if the mitigation
 was speaking to the control activity we could have one unified control and audit process and even
 monitoring that would allow us to provide the uniform output on our control and I'm talking internet
 test right now because we had internal audit before we had you know the external or you guys coming as
 well yeah so that was one of the legal dynamics it was kind of sensitive yeah I came from message so I
 maybe I'm maybe I'm a cheezing a bit with knowing how much your it's good okay yeah
 but yeah there's a discrepancy between the control library which is incredibly compliance driven
 versus what we actually do on the ground to mitigate risks during SDLC and the auditors need that
 story to be mapped as one big thing not just like is the PCF and here's how we test the PCF which is
 different to how we actually managed risk at the company when we build features daddy's exactly right
 yeah okay cool I think it's been done so what questions do you have for me how can I help
 yeah I had a question about the compliance culture I know that when and I'm specifically asking
 in terms of executing compliance programs how easy is it to execute compliance program and what is the
 acceptance culture like or compliance programs being implemented across different groups and
 across different functions I can ask the question I know how you're asking what's the compliance culture
 like the people of people who are against compliance yeah in yeah like maybe in in in in in
 in in in terms yeah like and maybe not because no one is totally against it it's that's what
 that seems like sometimes it's underneath one that's extremely excited about compliance yeah yeah
 but I think like when I'm asking is how easy is it to implement like implement programs like
 is it like how we accept a compliance that extend that all like so what I'm saying is
 I've seen certain companies where the acceptance level of compliance is up like seven and so I go
 through like three hoops to implement a compliance program on another company is that four and
 go through like eleven hoops before I get approval so that's what I was asking for the companies
 at a high level of risk tolerance like one of the leadership teams feeling in terms of how much
 risk absolutely have because if they say like any true any true chief privacy officer should be saying
 okay a company I want you all to think in this mind sets either it's we're going to be the world
 class leaders of privacy and we're going to go to do TED Talks I'm going to show Google and Facebook
 that they're doing it all wrong yeah and we're doing it the best way all we're going to do just
 above the line and make sure we don't get caught for any problems we don't get fined and it's just what
 is the legally required thing to do or even was we just risk it I mean hopefully we don't get caught
 for being frauds um where do you then stand in that spectrum as a leader and then how do you expect
 you're in place to think I think with by dance we are we we we're not as mature as meta in some ways
 and what I mean by that is we're probably culturally in the same mindset as meta was pre FTC consent order
 five billion fine because we haven't been hit drastically with a massive fine but we know and the leaders
 know and they have people joining from these companies who have had the experience of an FTC
 consent decree and they're getting all this info and feedback of saying we need to be proactive and
 to start thinking about these compliance programs and building these exams and as a indication of
 like they're belief in all this this is why we're rapidly hiring and we're trying to scale these businesses
 so while we don't have the like the mandated impetus to get stuff sorted which most companies
 would probably wait until they get slapped yeah and they do it we already seeing signs of
 productiveness where where our leadership team show and others are that P0 this upcoming year is
 auditability they're like we don't we don't have any audits right now but I want to make sure that if we
 ever do get them we are not in a poor state so they are really banging a drum on ensuring compliance is
 actually stood up in his mature effectively um so it's hard for me to answer the question is to like
 what's it like because if I'm being totally frank it's being built as we speak um and that's not
 to say we don't have compliance teams we've got a lot of compliance teams created within the company and
 they've managed like within their sphere very tactical compliance work like DMA DSA is all come up
 up in the last year there are like decentralized teams in Europe that are working on those regulations
 what that provides an opportunity for is building up an overarching strategy like we as a company
 need to decide how we want to manage compliance do we want to have a central compliance organization
 and then we build out that as an army and they get designated roles and domains to be experts in to
 speak to at account for when we get audited or we want to federate and have like a parent and child mentality
 where compliance teams are embedded in each of these domains and functions frankly as a leader that's
 one currently trying to figure out uh I am hiring within my team for compliance and governance
 I'm looking across the globe with Europe, Europe teams who have been you know through statutory text
 actually all the capital sea compliance teams that DSA and DMA but we're all coming together and
 figuring out what this one lines how do we look together as second line defense functions um and yeah
 frankly the the the the through kind of feedback I get from my leadership like sea sweet like
 you being tends to be they want to do the right thing and they want to figure out how to do the right
 thing so I don't get much pushback if I'm being honest there what I can't speak to is when we actually
 didn't go out and build something like I haven't yet been able to explore pushing a product team to
 go and build something that is maybe way outside of their OKRs right now for and that's I think where you're
 just you're asking like is this painful yeah I don't know I'm going to be honest with you
 I will give me a year and I can come back to you and I can say how pleasant how pleasant my life has been
 I will be directly in a forefront of the like fire in terms of how painful it's going to be because my
 my team is directly responding I'm the best I'm the one is the previously assurance leader so I just
 basically cover all kind of like trust and governance type things so I work very very close I
 typically in industry you have a GRC leaders where risk is part of that in environments
 somehow we've separated risk from the GMC aspect so I'm working closely with the risk team to
 to kind of be my partner but I'm sure at some point I'll be a consolidation OK that makes sense yeah I
 think that's kind of how like I've seen it in different companies like you kind of start of like
 with the risk and compliance team being together and then you separate them and sometimes you bring them
 back together yeah yeah I feel like every industry is basically just breaking things off of
 and consolidating them yeah yeah yeah okay you actually did answer one of my questions that I was
 going to ask well you also answered it from a people standpoint I probably want to ask it more from
 process standpoint like what would what are some of from a programmatic standpoint what would you say
 some of the challenges that you're facing that you would require and not that you don't have your solution
 yet but you think what are some things that you would think about and you would require for somebody to
 come somebody that you would hire to come solve like what would what would that look like what would that
 challenge you look like and what would solution that look like for you um I was kind of like what
 of the what is risk management teams I kind of talk issues they're trying to so far and you're
 trying to get an understanding of like what would be the first years worth of work more are you trying
 to understand culturally as a company what issues the people experience agnostic of risk management
 entirely yeah so you said you're on privacy assurance is what I heard right yeah I leave the
 privacy assurance so it's like privacy assurance with my teams the certification controls all
 it compliance and commitments like all those people are under the then you've got risk management which
 is a cousin to my world but I don't directly manage them um maybe one day I will I don't know but
 so so I don't have direct visibility into all the risk things I just have the partnerships that have
 been created across these teams understanding that my can speak to two things I can speak to culturally
 what's been challenging and I can speak to how to medium level what are the risk issues that need to be
 sold in the next six to two months that makes sense I would love for you to speak to the um the
 high level culturally but I also want to talk to you I want you I want you to speak on the challenge
 of your partnership right now between compliance and risk what does that look like right now and what
 would it's solution look like for you I think the challenge is just infancy essentially so we we've been
 building these programs out for about 18 months now and one thing I've observed that is the mindset of
 coming in with a fresh there are things that have been established but the companies now starting
 to hire experienced ICs and leaders coming from you know 10 plus years worth of privacy program
 establishment at different industries and they're basically accelerating the maturity of these programs
 that were being led internally by like homegrown by dances you've been in the company like six years
 didn't give in this this is start up at the end of the day giving different different things to kind of
 established so uh when now we've had very much like short sighted there's a problem there's a need
 we apply solution it's compliance or privacy program that you stand up at the time because there's a
 need for it so now with time you skip forward to years now what I'm noticing is that we've got all
 these kind of functions in place but none of them are actually centralized within a risk framework like
 every team is thought about risk in a certain way every team is managing risk but there's no unified
 approach yet and I think every company faces this challenge how do you actually stand and I
 is the way people think and calculate risk when you've got so many different perspectives of how people
 actually consider risk so it's very it's very it's very bloody hard but that is one of the challenges
 and the approach to that I I am yet to work at a company that has figured out a solution that is perfect for
 that problem I think I have no yet seen this but I think the general solution would be to find a
 common denomination of how people think about risk you standardize that and then you create derivatives
 for each sector that they can then personalize and understand how they think about it so they should
 come and queue maybe 60% of what we weigh in is the same across every division but then for many 40%
 they have the autonomy to flex and manage within their micro bubbles and things so we're not impeding them
 from working effectively that's a lot of buzzwords how you actually do that takes a lot of time you
 need to evangelize the idea with everyone get by for all leadership actually make sure we've got
 tooling in place and understand every teams they in their life like what tool does this team use what
 tool does this team use okay how do we then inject risk into all of these tools that are
 a unified understanding and I think so that's one challenge one challenge is a siloving and not
 centralizing everything the second challenge is the in order to standardize and bring everyone on the
 same platform or enterprise or what am I saying if you want to bring everyone on the same
 framework you need everyone to almost be the same with the maturity minimum maturity to then bring
 one board like you can't you can't divide the design of your like iPhone and app that's going to
 help people with their calendar management and then you go and try and deploy it to a village that's
 never heard of an iPhone like it's just not going to work like you need to make sure that all the
 cities around you that you're building this app for at minimum know what a smart phone is and they
 have smart phones yeah so like the other challenge I'm facing is we know which teams you want to
 collaborate with we know what we need to do to collaborate with them but maybe four out of ten of them
 are still one paper and there's the one on sheets and they're not even on the system yet for us to
 then have systems speak to each other so one of the challenges that are a bit more longer term is how
 do you then influence maturing other teams and programs so that you can then work together and
 that is something that again is isn't going to be a dull overnight so you've kind of got this
 very interesting again it's a start up with like undimitted funds whereby you've got a lot of teams that
 have the experience and knowledge of what to do but they're trying to build these things and because it's
 so much to do in the privacy program space I guess the third problem I'd explain would be so
 styling maturity and then the last one is hiring people with wealth of experience who know the
 end goal they know this is what it looks like half ten years and then they come to somewhere as
 been doing it for two years and then they have you know 700 ideas hmm we can't do 700 ideas and six
 months we've we've we've we've road mapping quarters we've had three months every time we're trying to figure
 out what to implement and have more storage of these things it does not help and I've and I've been
 at fault of this as well I come even from a very mature program I explain his division in end goal
 but actually they're going to be hearing that what they need to hear is how we get to a cool stage first
 don't talk them about running they didn't even know what's sprinting it's and I think speaking to
 us like people tends to want to hear about the vision in the end game and it work backwards from that
 but what I found is it actually ends up causing a time and team of like four people building on a risk
 management framework then end up each individual person is working on three different projects
 going to try to scale it out like outwardly build but actually I think it would have been a lot
 smart if we just focused on one specific thing that was foundational and get that one thing right
 yeah and then start staggering later um like I think terms of the visibility gets misused where people
 think that because we have ten people we can give one person each different thing of the overarching program
 when I actually think give ten people one thing to them stabilise and then you can continue building that
 because it would actually realize impact a lot faster if you do it in a more staggered approach
 than trying to divide and conquer in a parallel because sometimes there's dependency as well like we
 can't suddenly build this thing if we haven't built these other things mature yet so why are we now
 doing that at the same time something else yeah so I guess my other people that have categorised this other
 issue of identify but people have in most of good ideas but they need to be smarter at
 uh in the right way um and I get everyone on this feedback like if anyone doing this company there's
 so many things to go and solve for which is why it's exciting working here but you need to stay focus like
 yeah I didn't like there's there's fifty fires around you which one do you put out first the last thing
 you should be doing is trying to put out all of them at the same time you'll use up your water and the fire would
 just get bigger like focus on like one area at a time make sure the fire doesn't revisit that area
 and then move onto the dags like it's uh and I think there's just as a company shift we need to
 start doing that a bit more um anyway I've started writing now so that makes sense that we do all the
 things to me and I say all this in transparency because I'm not to sort of deter candidates but if anything
 it should be exciting like I found my personally the the work I was doing a matter and then even to
 create priorities I get to sort of a cruising altitude where I understand a lot of the things I'm
 found in and then you're stuck whereby the road to promotion is 10 year base and I have to
 wait a few years to send the seeds or there's just not enough scope to queue and expand into that role
 because someone's already taking that scope and I'm not going to artificially create that scope
 here we've got a different problem we've got a crapper to scope and we try to write our as many
 things we can to solve it so for me this is a great opportunity to sort of grow but it comes in a
 cost which is putting in the work and building a world class program totally totally understood
 that was super helpful thank you so much for breaking it down to me like that let me see if I've been
 not amazing before I ask you if you've got any other questions I don't do any other questions
 I know at one time so I don't want to take your time I think that you know you've answered most of
 my questions so this is this is helpful sounds good and I think there's I believe it's not
 the reason to go out to this with I think an ex-efficient collaborator or something so yes good luck with
 us thank you very nice meeting thank you so much


=== Interview for strava 5 ===
 Um, right now, I'm having an amazing time, like I'm doing the things that I love to do.
 However, I think that what's lacking right now is the opportunity to explore new adventures.
 Um, I have been a metaphor for five years and I've gone through like most of the compliance
 programs, starting from Central Privacy to Redcurrent E and right now.
 And I wouldn't necessarily classify as lacking, but I would say an opportunity for me to
 scale my experience.
 I think for a very long time, I've been working in spaces where I thoroughly understand your environment
 and it hasn't been extremely challenging to prove actively provide solutions.
 And so right now, I'm looking forward opportunities to scale my skills.
 Um, within a different environment, um, maybe not necessarily a different industry, but, um,
 a different product or, you know, a different culture.
 When you speak about scale, you're talking about sort of just the, the magnitude of a
 project you're working on or like sort of the program that you're, you're managing or you
 speaking more around, uh, like people, management.
 Yeah, I think it's all of what you said in addition to that.
 I would say that skill means to me, um, from a personal perspective about like diversifying my experience.
 Okay. So yeah. And I can go for that. But let me know if that, if, if that works.
 No, it does. I guess, with a particular skill or interest, you have that you want to explore,
 that you haven't had the opportunity to do so that matter, or, I think, um,
 go ahead. Is it going to be just staying in the privacy sphere and seeing what else you can kind of get your hands on?
 I would say that I've experienced, I've had a very good experience, but the thing about experience
 you never know until you get to a new place and you realize. So I'll give an example.
 When I drank matter, I had done privacy for a couple years. I thought I knew everything about privacy.
 I was so short that I was going to just get in and, you know, start to fix things.
 And I quickly realized that matter was different. As much as, you know, I understood, I had
 done data privacy for banks that had done it for companies and tech entertainment. And getting to
 meta, I realized number one, the infrastructure was so different. The way that the data was
 structured, the culture, everything was very different. And the last five years, years, have expanded
 my data privacy experience in ways that I never thought. So as much as I would say that, I could currently
 say that I have a very good grasp of privacy, but I also knew at the back of my mind that there is,
 um, you know, there are more, um, you know, wider skill experiences that I can lay my hands on,
 that would allow me to continue to grow as I need to be well and as a professional.
 Definitely. And I think you'll find the infrastructure here on the culture as well as going to be
 vastly different to, to meta and any other. Fying for that matter. Um, okay. So as you can see some of the
 questions are on the behavioral, could you? Could you walk me through a time where you disagreed with
 your, with a co-worker or a manager? But in this situation, the disagreement you guys were having,
 you were actually wrong in this discussion. I think this is the couple that I tend to throw
 that everyone hates. But, uh, yeah, I would like to, I mean, and if you can't think of a situation where
 you had a disagreement and you were wrong, um, I'm happy to just listen to a situation where you had
 disagreement in what you did to, kind of, uh, manage that conflict. Yeah, I can definitely give an example.
 I can preface that by seeing that what I've seen in the world of compliance is that
 there isn't necessarily wrong or right. It's very subjective. So what I've seen most times is there
 could be required in the decisions or recommendations that I've made that didn't work at that time.
 So I'll give an example. Um, I was on a project where we were supposed to implement a privacy program
 for a particular organization. And, um, the work that we were supposed to do for that organization was
 to evaluate the regulatory requirements that applied to them. Um, one of what they had given us at the
 beginning was saying that they didn't want to do like an overhaul of like privacy compliance. They wanted
 to focus on, um, um, you know, work that was specific to them. And so at the time, I was still very much new
 in privacy. It was my first year of, you know, like, working on a data privacy role. And I remember,
 um, you know, we were also supposed to implement privacy by design as part of, you know, helping them build
 the privacy program. And one of my recommendation was specifically, um, regarding a product that we were
 supposed to include as part of building out the privacy program. And I believe I had recommended that we have
 a Ropa, specifically, and sorry, Ropa means under record of processing activity according to GDPR.
 And so I had recommended at the time because I was new into it. I recommended that we build a Ropa
 specific for products. Um, the, the, um, the idea was to build Ropa's idea from a programmatic perspective
 from process perspective. The reason why I had asked that we build Ropa from a product perspective,
 was I thought we would have a clearer view on the data. However, what had happened was that there were
 processes happening outside of the product itself, things that had to do with marketing advertising of
 that product that we wouldn't have cut over sites of if we had focused on the product. And so I
 remember going back and forth and saying that I believe because my engineering bring again and came into
 being. But also what I did at the time was I remember my colleague who was also, you know, um,
 more senior pressing. What I did was I listened. I listened to why they were pushing back on my, um,
 approach, even though I thought that I had the right approach. And then what we agreed upon was, hey,
 let's take, um, you know, let's start the process from requirement gathering perspective. And
 let me hear why you think we should do it more so from a programmatic perspective, running process perspective.
 And so when they had provided me and told me about some of the outline or underlying processes that
 we're happening outside of the product itself, um, I was able to, you know, I, I was able to understand
 where they were coming from. And we were then able to take the approach of going from a programmatic
 perspective instead of like working on a group platform, it products itself from a product specific,
 um, standpoint. Was there anything from your argument on grouping by product that's
 was affected into the final decision or was it about the, the, the program process perspective was,
 was just at rights that it approached because it was inclusive of everything.
 And ask the question one more time, I want to make sure I got the first part.
 I was just wondering, like, it sounded like there were two approaches to sort of building out this
 process, uh, the record of processing activities. Correct. Uh, one was two events of a product
 and identifying for each product, what data is being used and has it being handled, uh, for what
 processes. And the other one was more of a generic programmatic process perspective, all for all these business
 processes, here is the data lifecycle, um, being recorded, uh, which is a producting not stick. And I was just
 wondering if there's, presumably each solution had a pros and cons list. Was there anything on your
 side of the solution that was actually a pro that, the programmatic and process solution didn't have
 and was there any coming together of sort of building upon your, your, is it your colleague or your leaders
 point of view? Was there a way to then influence that decision to say okay, well, we could do the programmatic
 process rope or build, but we should also tailor it so that it includes my perspective as well.
 Or is it just simple as like pick one of the other and be the one with that sort of thing?
 No, thank you for that question. retrospective, you know, when I think about it, my recommendation
 of the product was because when I thought about the products, the data on the line data within that
 product was connected to our systems that could help us in the long term automate the process of
 So what I mean by that was when you when the engineers are creating this product, what they do is that
 the product is integrated into some of our data repositories that provided information on the type of data
 that's been used within that product. And so from a scaling standpoint, we could have integrated some
 of our GRC, you know, like technology into that database to be able to collect that data very quickly
 and not have to do the paperwork work of gathering data for each of those processes.
 So I would say that while at the time, you know, even though now that I think about retrospective the
 time, what I thought that it was good, it was a faster process since we didn't have on the line technology
 then that could fit into that could help integrate all of these different systems. Or retrospectively,
 now when I think about it, if we did have technology at the time and we thought about the program
 from a scaling perspective, I think that thinking about doing a ropa from a product standpoint,
 but also bearing in mind that there are on the line processes that we made its consider as part of that,
 you know, that's a mixture that we're documenting the right data. I think that the product routes
 would still have worked in that sense from from a technology standpoint. Yeah, I think that's also my question.
 What I was looking for is essentially sort of, you know, usually during this discussion, each person
 has a point of view, and there's a reason why that person thinks their
 stance is better than the other person. And what I was trying to get from you was basically sort of,
 why was the product side good in your eyes? And I think you've answered that question through the
 scaling and automation perspective. What it doesn't sound like a signature of happened is there wasn't
 sort of like a sketch skating or building upon both ideas to then create like a superlative,
 which is totally fine. But yeah, what I'm saying, it sounds like that may have been the
 right thing to do. Yeah. The context I can provide there was that was my days in consulting
 and consulting projects are usually like very time-based and it's like very fast, like you have to get things
 out of the way. And so there isn't much time to like go back and forth on things, you have to deliver
 to the client because the company has to get money. So that's another thing. Yeah. Yeah.
 Like a whole search case with them. So do you want me to go through a time where you had
 different, so this is going to be quite relevant for consulting? Um, basically what would you
 time walk you through a situation where you had difficulty making sense of a problem you were given?
 So someone gave you a very vague issue to go and solve what was confusing about the project at hand
 and what did you do to get clarification and actually solve it? So talk to me about a time when you were
 given a task that was incredibly ambiguous and what you did to magic. Yeah, I can think of a couple
 I think that the one that, um, just think for a minute when you bring the best. Yeah, take a time.
 So there was a project that one, it wasn't necessary consulting. It was, um, it projects where you know
 after, after my time in consulting. Um, the issue was that we had data that had potentially been exposed.
 Now there wasn't any, there wasn't necessarily any breach reported yet, but the data was exposed
 and what caused the exposure of the data was that when the engineers or, you know, the folks who had
 gone to audit like the access, you know, lists, they saw that there were people who were on that list who
 were no longer either on that team or in that department. And the thing about the data was that it had regulatory
 impact. So we're talking about sensitive data and the data and it became some sort of like legal issue.
 And so I was brought at the initial stage of the project to identify what needs to be done. And so
 there were very many, first of all, we couldn't identify, you know, what exactly the impact of the
 exposure looks like because it wasn't clear if people had, you know, if it had been exposed somewhere
 by somebody at third place or whatever. Um, but I think primarily what I was asked to do
 was very vague to be quite honest. I was just asked to come evaluate the issue and solve.
 And so that was one of the projects where I had to number one, do a deep dive of what exactly is the
 challenge here. And what I did that evaluate the challenge was speaking to relevant stakeholders and
 people were involved as part of that particular incident itself. And so part of what that meant was gathering
 and a lot of that always involves like when you're talking with stakeholders, it's like, this is the
 problem we had, this is the problem we have now and things like that. So it was being able to identify
 like, how do I also prioritize the problems that I'm hearing? Because everybody wants to talk about
 what's going wrong in so many different factions. And so the first thing that I had to do was to
 identify the stakeholders who are the stakeholders that are having impacted by this process and would
 be relevant to the solution in this process. Once I identified that, I began to speak to them about what
 they believed the challenge was that they were experiencing. Because while some people felt like the
 challenge was the data exposure, some of the people felt like the challenge wasn't the data exposure,
 what it was, the resultant effect of that, which connected systems might be attached to the
 particular system that has like the own organized SEO and we could have challenges there. And so
 it's like the problem is a mountain on top of each other. And so what I had to do, even hearing the
 solution was to start to stack a rank from a risk standpoint. What do we solve right now? What can be
 a fast resolution? What's the challenges that you're highlighting that could potentially be
 an impact in the future? And so from that prioritizing the solution, obviously using the risk-based
 approach and then decided to identify what are the controls that we have to deal in place that can be used
 to sort for this. So it's one thing to identify what the challenges are, but it's another thing to identify,
 do we have quick ways to achieve quick wins in order to make sure that we're solving that situation.
 Do we have underlying policies, for example, that we can you know provide and you know circulate
 around teams to be able to get that done? Do we have underlying technology and things like that? And then
 from there, we weren't able to build a roadmap to solve for the problem. And so what a roadmap looks like was,
 we're going to solve this problem. This is our end goal, but this are the bike packets or these are
 the bike pieces on how we're going to get to that end roadmap. So we had the project actually went
 through almost nine months, but we had a bike size approach where we gave ourselves like a milestone,
 we took a milestone approach. And we said every two months, we're going to achieve X, Y, Z. We're going to do,
 you know, we're going to clean up. So if I can give just a very practical example, the first thing was that
 you know, somebody had recommended it was, wipe everybody off the ACL, make sure nobody has access and then
 give people access from start. What we realized is if you do that, it was going to break some of the
 table access and it was going to cost like chaos. And so we have to think about ways on how we can,
 you know, start to think about the saving of course with thousands of people who had access to this ACL
 and we couldn't do the audit at once. So we thought about the first, you know, these systems that are the
 critical ones, how do we make sure that we evaluate the access there? And then we did like a roadmap,
 shared our timeline, shared what our end goal was going to look like. And that's how we were able to
 solve for that problem. So how did you, so speaking about the access thing obviously just,
 so she knows what's in sufficient, she's going to close down stream issues. How did you then manage that?
 How did you know how to mitigate the access problem in a fast way? What was sort of the solution there?
 Yeah, so the solution actually hit that one was very interesting. So we were running things in tandem.
 So what I did was I had obviously legal, the first thing we needed to do was I had to speak
 what is the legal implication of this right now? Like what do we need to do today? So that if anything
 happens and some of that was also in a way, the data was associated with potential implementations.
 And so we had to identify like what come the quickly due to make sure that we're not, you know,
 on the, you know, on the crux of any like legal risk issue situation. On the time then I had a, I had a team
 on the engineering site that was beginning to start auditing names and evaluating things to see who
 doesn't need to be so what they had done at the time was they told me the specific tables that they had.
 And they had, it wasn't necessarily standardized but they had a mental sense of systems that had more sensitive
 data and they started to evaluate those ones and began to remove names of people or remove, you know,
 data, people who no longer needed access to that. Another thing that we did was we also set up what we called
 like an emergency time-based access where we were sending like, you know, like workplace messages to
 people to say like, if we don't hear from you about like access in this data, within XYZ number of days
 XYZ number of weeks we're going to cut the access. And so we did that as well. So all of this was happening
 and it's handy. No, yeah, does that, is that good? Yeah, that's a good question. And then you mentioned
 about prioritization as well, I mean obviously this is the moment projects is going to be a lot's. What
 was your risk-based approach to the sermon like it? It sounds like some layers to it. So one just told you
 at a high level, fix the issue. And the issue sounds like there was a very loosely termed ACL with a bunch of
 names that should be having access to things. But then there were downstream tables and permissions
 that they have inherited that. Correct. Correct. And we're also going to be misogated for like future
 problems. How does someone kind of a purchase problem and say, okay, this is the p0 thing we need to do right
 now and these ones are p1 and so we can do them two months time. Yeah, absolutely. So the way that we took a
 risk-based approach was I, before that time, I had implemented a risk register where we had different
 categories of risk. And we had, you know, risk regulatory risk for example, we had operational risk and
 all of that. Now, we also from that risk-rating methodology, we also had categorized different types of
 risk scenarios. So for example, when I was talking about like, you know, demyanking everybody off. That was
 going to be an operational risk for example, right? And so we also thought about what are the regulatory
 risk and from a regulatory standpoint, we talked about what is the legal risk that could, you know,
 come up as the result of this. And we on that the risk of any regulatory scrutiny at the time,
 actually, for that specific data, we were going to get reported requirements in a few months to
 provide how. So what in what actually caused that situation to be off-level, because that it had been
 for a while, that situation had been happening where people were accessing that data and no one knew,
 but what really like brought it to the fore was that we started to get a signal that we were going to be
 audited for that data, specifically. And so because of that, we also had to focus on what specific types of
 data where we were going to be audited on and what systems contained those data. And so we had to focus
 on that as well. I think going to dive into it, like, into how we thought about like the many types of
 risk like repetition of all of that, but let me know if that helps. So if you want me to go deeper.
 No, I'll just be right over the time. I think you've answered the question as to, like I said,
 I'm looking forward to that. So I appreciate it. I'm almost tracking my notes now. I don't, okay.
 Could you, uh, I think about this question, we'll dynamically, previously, but I'm also going to
 again, uh, one of the things I'm curious about is, would you, you observe the skill in a mental or a
 leader or a colleague that you've noticed to something you want to help. It enhance or develop this year.
 I guess the is open out. You want to improve your skills. You've seen that you'll pair your
 mental or your colleague or someone has, uh, has this skill that you want. What is it?
 And what are you doing to to learn that skill? Uh, it could be anything from soft skills to technical skills.
 Yeah, um, can I go way back or do it doesn't have to be in the past year?
 Doesn't it be the past year? Okay. What I'm really looking for is just sort of how
 we can do it all. Observe certain things that they're, uh, what's it to improve? They're not actually
 actioning that that thing to improve it. So yeah, yeah, an example of that would be great. Yeah, for sure.
 One of the very strong skills that I learned, um, early on in my consulting career was from my senior
 manager who also served at that coach. And it was the skill of, I don't know if it's, if it sounds like
 skill, but it was a concept that I learned from her stakeholder collaboration and stakeholder
 buying. Um, what I, for me, you know, like, you've been new and been in an environment where compliance
 is a very subjective area that I learned so quick. And therefore, everybody can have recommendations in the
 room or ideas in the room that they all feel is right and it just might be right. And so as a leader
 project, it's very, it's, it's a hard or daunting task if I could say not impossible to bring
 everybody in alignment and helping everybody see that that idea contained a piece of theirs. Right. And so
 one of the things that she did so exceptionally was number one, she did an excellent job of,
 I want to call it almost like taking all the ingredients of people's ideas in the room and just like
 makes matching it at the end of the day. It brought out this like whole colorful idea that
 everybody could almost see their finger prints on. And so she had a way number one to listen very clearly.
 And it was very interesting to me that even as a young, you know, at the time I was very young to
 the preferred, you know, to the industry. Here in people makes certain recommendations like from just
 my experience, I was like, it's nothing make any sense, but she was able to draw the sense out of what
 the way saying it was almost like she had the ability to take romance heroes and transform that into gold. If
 I may say, and I know I'm speaking very, you know, like, you know, in a very, I don't know the word,
 but that I learned so I learned very quickly. And what that has allowed me to do is that it has allowed
 me to be very open minded. In a way that no matter how strong I think that my recommendations are,
 especially as somebody who's done data privacy for a very long time and I like to all risk and I like to
 pride myself that I'm very good at this thing. I know this space so well. That skill that I learned from
 her has allowed me to be able to pause and listen to everyone's perspective and see what could I
 bring out of it because also what I saw that it did the impact of that was that it brought diversity
 of thoughts and diversity of ideas. It allowed people to feel like they were listened to and you don't
 also brought like just uniformity of teamwork in, you know, in our space and what I saw. So that's one
 really fundamental skill that I learned from my mentor while I was in consulting.
 So when you, when you were observing those thoughts, how do you know this was something that you
 need to grow in and you weren't already good at this? I knew I needed to grow in it because from
 you consulting perspective at the time it was all about, you know, making sure the clients were happy.
 And I didn't have experience where you thought you were incorporating ideas effectively on what was
 kind of your like crap. I'm not good at this. I need to find the way you're good at it.
 Oh many of them, many many of them. And that showed itself especially in rooms where you had a very
 diverse combination of stickers. So now you've got an example. Now when you have engineers and lawyers in
 the room and you have, so if I could just without putting names on it, you had technical people that
 are not technical people in the room, it's always very hard to, and well, like I described,
 or I described myself as somebody who knows how to interpret. I quickly realized that it wasn't just
 about interpreting things to people and being able to say, oh, like to the engineering team,
 like we're supposed to implement a rope out, but also hearing from the engineering team, like,
 what does the practical implementation of a rope out look like? And can you bring in your thought as
 well in how you think like the end goal of a rope actually look at it? And I'm just using a rope
 of for example, but I've seen that in in cases where I was at this at the beginning, it was hard for me
 to bridge the gap between different teams and to be able to bring all their collective ideas into one.
 Many times I struggled with saying, like, do we implement what this person? There were times where
 honestly, like it was also very hierarchical in the room, where you would have like certain, you know,
 folks saying, we want this approach and then somebody hierarchies like, no, we don't want that approach
 and all of that. But I quickly learned and I also knew as far as my career that I was going to be
 in leadership positions, at least that's my vision and I knew that that was a specific goal that I needed to
 take and also just not from a professional perspective of a life in general.
 Does that answer? Do I need to do it? Dip dive?
 No, no, I'm just typing as fast as like that. It's something else to the question.
 Okay, so you knew as an issue, having had some experience and struggling to kind of find everyone on a
 common goal or common idea that everyone can chuck ideas up, you saw receiving manager who was also a coach
 of doing this fantastically and you, how did you learn the skill I guess in my question? Did you just
 was it through watching the senior manager and then also trying to then imitate their actions and
 meetings or did you have like, I'm sure it was more of an organic thing but I'm trying to figure out
 how does someone then like figure out they have a gap? See someone that's good at it and then try to
 make sure that they was like, what was your kind of strategy? Yeah, so I would say like, yes, just to
 just to go from where you, because I like that you mentioned that you know, figuring out the gap,
 I figured it out but I also got feedback from other folks that I was working with that, that was an
 area that I could continue to improve upon. How did I learn? It was definitely very organic but I would say
 like it was a lot of number one watching and listening to how she ran her program and also allowing
 myself to feel over time. I think that what was very important to me at the time was that while I
 you know envisioned myself being able to run meetings the way this person was to run in, I also
 had to give myself grace and then I had to give myself room to practice as well. So that meant that
 there were times where I was putting rooms that ordinarily I would opt out of but I would raise my hands
 to go into those rooms in order to practice what I believe I had learned with sitting with this individual
 in her meetings and I also asked questions. I had one on one with her because of just issues my coach and I
 asked her the mindset and the brain behind what she was doing because she had done it so effortlessly
 that it felt like something that it was hard to be able to pick the element of what made it so fantastic.
 So I figured out what it was, what her mindset was when she was maneuvering those conversations and
 you know, and I continue to improve in that as well. What was the mindset if there were me asking?
 Yeah, I think the mindset was a mindset of so, primarily what I remember her telling me was
 to me always keep an open mind. There was never a wrong or right answer. You just have to figure out
 what is in that answer that would be good or that you can't take as a wrong material to build what it is
 that you're building. And then the second thing was also being able to listen, you know, there was
 something she said I'll never forget but she said being able to listen to what people are not saying
 and then they'll almost help them and this is a very hard thing which I've said in different
 settings and people will rule their eyes and they're like it's almost impossible but almost like and I
 thought she did that very well. It's almost like she was able to architect people's solution out of what
 they were not saying by listening to the intention behind what they were building or what they were recommending.
 So for example, when somebody is recommending something and I've experienced this myself,
 when an engineer for example is recommending something, he could be recommending something from
 an efficient system when that makes his life easier. And so for you, from a regulatory standpoint,
 you might be quick to say oh no, that's not going to be complete or that's not going to be effective enough.
 And so you have to listen to his efficiency mindset and then take that and then use that to have another
 conversation on other routes that can allow you to build something efficient while still maintaining
 regulatory requirements. So it's also what I learned from high is being able to understand the intent of
 people's recommendation in order to be able to craft what their solution really needs to be.
 Really missing the lines. Yeah, I think there's a little thing that I'll tell my team which is basically
 simple solving, like is the person bringing up a symptom to the problem and then I'll actually
 discussing the problem or are we truly solving the problem with this meeting? All good answers, again.
 So how are we doing for time? I pretty warm a question and then we can hand it off to you.
 So can you walk me through a project that did not succeed? If we went back in time, what would you have
 done differently to increase the chances of success? So walking through the project, what you felt failed
 and then some retrospectiveness on what we could have done to improve at laser?
 So I remember one every time I think that's one of my, yeah, it's an eagle brick on my career.
 But it was a project that had to do with integrating systems for governance programs. So we had
 a system, so if I can just break it in later times, let me know if I'm going to deep and then I'll
 just come up higher just a little bit. We had two different systems. So we had a system or a program
 that was measuring privacy risk for new products or new processes. So you can think about it as a
 privacy review process, where it was basically products related. And then we had this other compliance
 program that was well, other compliance program, but it's so function that was specific to
 evaluating controls from a compliance standpoint. So what that meant was that it wasn't necessarily
 just targeted towards products, but it was targeted towards our program and our regulatory requirements.
 But what we wanted to do for that project is that we wanted to integrate these two programs together
 so that they can speak to each other in a way that would allow us to audit better. And so what I mean
 by that is we do testing for controls in this program that's the compliance oversight. On the other
 hand we do something that we call implementation testing for how the mitigations that you're providing
 to this product after you know identifying risk is working. So we wanted the mitigations on the product
 side to map to the controls so that when we test the control we understand the surface that the
 control is being implemented upon because the surface includes products and processes. And so where the
 the very brilliant idea I think where the project field was when we started to incorporate
 tooling and technology and it didn't feel like the tooling and technology team were speaking
 the same language. And so what ended up happening was that we had successfully integrated
 both programs outside of the tool but when we got into the tool we ended up saying that whenever somebody
 is evaluating the risk on the product side there would be able to map the risk to a mitigation
 and that mitigation would map to a control activity. The tool in team however did something different
 and the mapping ended up disorganizing the project in such a way that the product team
 could no longer see mitigations but it could only see control activities. And so all of that process
 in itself didn't allow the product team to be able to go forward with identifying mitigations because
 now they were only seeing control activities on their end. And the other thing that had happened
 also was that I don't know if I can explain this in a very lame language. But when you think about
 when I identify a risk first when I see a product identifier so let's say for example I identify
 collection risk and then I identify that the mitigation for collective collection risk is data minimization
 that's the mitigation. Now that mitigation of data minimization come up to a control activity
 that's the data privacy program policy. Now that privacy on our side as well controls
 with mapping to risk. The problem is that there were risk that were being treated by mitigations on our end
 but when we did the mapping of the mitigations to the controls the risk that we're helping mitigate
 those controls wearing necessary applicable to the mitigations if that makes sense.
 So that last piece of advice we had risks that were mapped to mitigations but then that was one side
 of the story that you had mitigations being mapped to controls. Correct and then we had controls being
 mapped to risk. So it was there a discrepancy between control being mapped to mitigations which
 then also had risks and those two buckets were different basically. Correct. So if I could do it
 almost like it's like you we you have a friend called Paul and then you are my friend but then
 me and Paul didn't get along. So that was the problem and so in the tooling itself like the expectation
 was that oh if we were able to map the risk to mitigation and automatically if we map that risk
 to control activity then that should be addressing our mitigation but it was like no and so yeah it was in
 a very successful one and you may want to be asking how did we solve like I don't know if that's
 your next question but let me know what my question was basically like this is an interesting insight right?
 Yes. Now if you want to go if you want to grab a heavy go back in time and restart this project
 what would you do differently or what have you done to solve it since then yeah. Yeah I think the first
 thing that I would have thought about was thinking about what would be the right integration point
 between two programs between the two programs. I think that we what we had done was we didn't necessarily
 think about the right integration point what I would have done was to ensure that number one
 we identify what the integration point would be now obviously the integration point would be risk. So when I
 think about risk risk can solve for a control activity or risk can be solved to a control activity
 but it can also be solved to a mitigation. What we would have thought about was how does the mitigation
 that solving for your risk how does it cascade effectively to that same control that solving for the risk
 and what that means is that controls now have to specify the surface on which they are being implemented
 on. What I mean by that is now when we were writing controls we were writing controls are very high level
 so controls could be for like different programs it could be for finance marketing advertising
 whereas the mitigation is just for finance and so it's ensuring that when I'm writing the control
 the control is specifying the surface on which it's being implemented so that when the mitigation is
 now mapping to that control it maps to that control based on the surface now there is a clean mapping
 and then now I can sufficiently say that if that risk is being mitigated by the control on this
 surface the mitigation is also helping to mitigate that same risk. If you just take it back again
 just overarching the overarching goal of this entire initiative was doing what's like what was the
 problem that was solving or what was the thing it was improving like was this a painkiller or an abstract
 so painkiller or a vitamine or something like are you solving a problem or are you just improving the
 we were solving a problem so we had the auditors in house for that particular issue and so what was
 happening was that we also where I think it was it was new issue we didn't have enough resources that
 could be conducting implementation testing and also conducting control testing so what happened was when
 the auditors came our controls the expectation was that they wanted to see how our controls were
 being implemented across different surfaces but our controls were failing so we were able to say we
 had this control and it was being implemented across the entire organization but then when the
 act force like is it been implemented on this surface we weren't able to prove that and so the mitigation
 team was trying to do their own like implementation testing to show for that we were also trying to do
 control testing and we were all just speaking different languages and so we felt like if the mitigation
 was speaking to the control activity we could have one unified control and audit process and even
 monitoring that would allow us to provide the uniform output on our control and I'm talking internet
 test right now because we had internal audit before we had you know the external or you guys coming as
 well yeah so that was one of the legal dynamics it was kind of sensitive yeah I came from message so I
 maybe I'm maybe I'm a cheezing a bit with knowing how much your it's good okay yeah
 but yeah there's a discrepancy between the control library which is incredibly compliance driven
 versus what we actually do on the ground to mitigate risks during SDLC and the auditors need that
 story to be mapped as one big thing not just like is the PCF and here's how we test the PCF which is
 different to how we actually managed risk at the company when we build features daddy's exactly right
 yeah okay cool I think it's been done so what questions do you have for me how can I help
 yeah I had a question about the compliance culture I know that when and I'm specifically asking
 in terms of executing compliance programs how easy is it to execute compliance program and what is the
 acceptance culture like or compliance programs being implemented across different groups and
 across different functions I can ask the question I know how you're asking what's the compliance culture
 like the people of people who are against compliance yeah in yeah like maybe in in in in in
 in in in terms yeah like and maybe not because no one is totally against it it's that's what
 that seems like sometimes it's underneath one that's extremely excited about compliance yeah yeah
 but I think like when I'm asking is how easy is it to implement like implement programs like
 is it like how we accept a compliance that extend that all like so what I'm saying is
 I've seen certain companies where the acceptance level of compliance is up like seven and so I go
 through like three hoops to implement a compliance program on another company is that four and
 go through like eleven hoops before I get approval so that's what I was asking for the companies
 at a high level of risk tolerance like one of the leadership teams feeling in terms of how much
 risk absolutely have because if they say like any true any true chief privacy officer should be saying
 okay a company I want you all to think in this mind sets either it's we're going to be the world
 class leaders of privacy and we're going to go to do TED Talks I'm going to show Google and Facebook
 that they're doing it all wrong yeah and we're doing it the best way all we're going to do just
 above the line and make sure we don't get caught for any problems we don't get fined and it's just what
 is the legally required thing to do or even was we just risk it I mean hopefully we don't get caught
 for being frauds um where do you then stand in that spectrum as a leader and then how do you expect
 you're in place to think I think with by dance we are we we we're not as mature as meta in some ways
 and what I mean by that is we're probably culturally in the same mindset as meta was pre FTC consent order
 five billion fine because we haven't been hit drastically with a massive fine but we know and the leaders
 know and they have people joining from these companies who have had the experience of an FTC
 consent decree and they're getting all this info and feedback of saying we need to be proactive and
 to start thinking about these compliance programs and building these exams and as a indication of
 like they're belief in all this this is why we're rapidly hiring and we're trying to scale these businesses
 so while we don't have the like the mandated impetus to get stuff sorted which most companies
 would probably wait until they get slapped yeah and they do it we already seeing signs of
 productiveness where where our leadership team show and others are that P0 this upcoming year is
 auditability they're like we don't we don't have any audits right now but I want to make sure that if we
 ever do get them we are not in a poor state so they are really banging a drum on ensuring compliance is
 actually stood up in his mature effectively um so it's hard for me to answer the question is to like
 what's it like because if I'm being totally frank it's being built as we speak um and that's not
 to say we don't have compliance teams we've got a lot of compliance teams created within the company and
 they've managed like within their sphere very tactical compliance work like DMA DSA is all come up
 up in the last year there are like decentralized teams in Europe that are working on those regulations
 what that provides an opportunity for is building up an overarching strategy like we as a company
 need to decide how we want to manage compliance do we want to have a central compliance organization
 and then we build out that as an army and they get designated roles and domains to be experts in to
 speak to at account for when we get audited or we want to federate and have like a parent and child mentality
 where compliance teams are embedded in each of these domains and functions frankly as a leader that's
 one currently trying to figure out uh I am hiring within my team for compliance and governance
 I'm looking across the globe with Europe, Europe teams who have been you know through statutory text
 actually all the capital sea compliance teams that DSA and DMA but we're all coming together and
 figuring out what this one lines how do we look together as second line defense functions um and yeah
 frankly the the the the through kind of feedback I get from my leadership like sea sweet like
 you being tends to be they want to do the right thing and they want to figure out how to do the right
 thing so I don't get much pushback if I'm being honest there what I can't speak to is when we actually
 didn't go out and build something like I haven't yet been able to explore pushing a product team to
 go and build something that is maybe way outside of their OKRs right now for and that's I think where you're
 just you're asking like is this painful yeah I don't know I'm going to be honest with you
 I will give me a year and I can come back to you and I can say how pleasant how pleasant my life has been
 I will be directly in a forefront of the like fire in terms of how painful it's going to be because my
 my team is directly responding I'm the best I'm the one is the previously assurance leader so I just
 basically cover all kind of like trust and governance type things so I work very very close I
 typically in industry you have a GRC leaders where risk is part of that in environments
 somehow we've separated risk from the GMC aspect so I'm working closely with the risk team to
 to kind of be my partner but I'm sure at some point I'll be a consolidation OK that makes sense yeah I
 think that's kind of how like I've seen it in different companies like you kind of start of like
 with the risk and compliance team being together and then you separate them and sometimes you bring them
 back together yeah yeah I feel like every industry is basically just breaking things off of
 and consolidating them yeah yeah yeah okay you actually did answer one of my questions that I was
 going to ask well you also answered it from a people standpoint I probably want to ask it more from
 process standpoint like what would what are some of from a programmatic standpoint what would you say
 some of the challenges that you're facing that you would require and not that you don't have your solution
 yet but you think what are some things that you would think about and you would require for somebody to
 come somebody that you would hire to come solve like what would what would that look like what would that
 challenge you look like and what would solution that look like for you um I was kind of like what
 of the what is risk management teams I kind of talk issues they're trying to so far and you're
 trying to get an understanding of like what would be the first years worth of work more are you trying
 to understand culturally as a company what issues the people experience agnostic of risk management
 entirely yeah so you said you're on privacy assurance is what I heard right yeah I leave the
 privacy assurance so it's like privacy assurance with my teams the certification controls all
 it compliance and commitments like all those people are under the then you've got risk management which
 is a cousin to my world but I don't directly manage them um maybe one day I will I don't know but
 so so I don't have direct visibility into all the risk things I just have the partnerships that have
 been created across these teams understanding that my can speak to two things I can speak to culturally
 what's been challenging and I can speak to how to medium level what are the risk issues that need to be
 sold in the next six to two months that makes sense I would love for you to speak to the um the
 high level culturally but I also want to talk to you I want you I want you to speak on the challenge
 of your partnership right now between compliance and risk what does that look like right now and what
 would it's solution look like for you I think the challenge is just infancy essentially so we we've been
 building these programs out for about 18 months now and one thing I've observed that is the mindset of
 coming in with a fresh there are things that have been established but the companies now starting
 to hire experienced ICs and leaders coming from you know 10 plus years worth of privacy program
 establishment at different industries and they're basically accelerating the maturity of these programs
 that were being led internally by like homegrown by dances you've been in the company like six years
 didn't give in this this is start up at the end of the day giving different different things to kind of
 established so uh when now we've had very much like short sighted there's a problem there's a need
 we apply solution it's compliance or privacy program that you stand up at the time because there's a
 need for it so now with time you skip forward to years now what I'm noticing is that we've got all
 these kind of functions in place but none of them are actually centralized within a risk framework like
 every team is thought about risk in a certain way every team is managing risk but there's no unified
 approach yet and I think every company faces this challenge how do you actually stand and I
 is the way people think and calculate risk when you've got so many different perspectives of how people
 actually consider risk so it's very it's very it's very bloody hard but that is one of the challenges
 and the approach to that I I am yet to work at a company that has figured out a solution that is perfect for
 that problem I think I have no yet seen this but I think the general solution would be to find a
 common denomination of how people think about risk you standardize that and then you create derivatives
 for each sector that they can then personalize and understand how they think about it so they should
 come and queue maybe 60% of what we weigh in is the same across every division but then for many 40%
 they have the autonomy to flex and manage within their micro bubbles and things so we're not impeding them
 from working effectively that's a lot of buzzwords how you actually do that takes a lot of time you
 need to evangelize the idea with everyone get by for all leadership actually make sure we've got
 tooling in place and understand every teams they in their life like what tool does this team use what
 tool does this team use okay how do we then inject risk into all of these tools that are
 a unified understanding and I think so that's one challenge one challenge is a siloving and not
 centralizing everything the second challenge is the in order to standardize and bring everyone on the
 same platform or enterprise or what am I saying if you want to bring everyone on the same
 framework you need everyone to almost be the same with the maturity minimum maturity to then bring
 one board like you can't you can't divide the design of your like iPhone and app that's going to
 help people with their calendar management and then you go and try and deploy it to a village that's
 never heard of an iPhone like it's just not going to work like you need to make sure that all the
 cities around you that you're building this app for at minimum know what a smart phone is and they
 have smart phones yeah so like the other challenge I'm facing is we know which teams you want to
 collaborate with we know what we need to do to collaborate with them but maybe four out of ten of them
 are still one paper and there's the one on sheets and they're not even on the system yet for us to
 then have systems speak to each other so one of the challenges that are a bit more longer term is how
 do you then influence maturing other teams and programs so that you can then work together and
 that is something that again is isn't going to be a dull overnight so you've kind of got this
 very interesting again it's a start up with like undimitted funds whereby you've got a lot of teams that
 have the experience and knowledge of what to do but they're trying to build these things and because it's
 so much to do in the privacy program space I guess the third problem I'd explain would be so
 styling maturity and then the last one is hiring people with wealth of experience who know the
 end goal they know this is what it looks like half ten years and then they come to somewhere as
 been doing it for two years and then they have you know 700 ideas hmm we can't do 700 ideas and six
 months we've we've we've we've road mapping quarters we've had three months every time we're trying to figure
 out what to implement and have more storage of these things it does not help and I've and I've been
 at fault of this as well I come even from a very mature program I explain his division in end goal
 but actually they're going to be hearing that what they need to hear is how we get to a cool stage first
 don't talk them about running they didn't even know what's sprinting it's and I think speaking to
 us like people tends to want to hear about the vision in the end game and it work backwards from that
 but what I found is it actually ends up causing a time and team of like four people building on a risk
 management framework then end up each individual person is working on three different projects
 going to try to scale it out like outwardly build but actually I think it would have been a lot
 smart if we just focused on one specific thing that was foundational and get that one thing right
 yeah and then start staggering later um like I think terms of the visibility gets misused where people
 think that because we have ten people we can give one person each different thing of the overarching program
 when I actually think give ten people one thing to them stabilise and then you can continue building that
 because it would actually realize impact a lot faster if you do it in a more staggered approach
 than trying to divide and conquer in a parallel because sometimes there's dependency as well like we
 can't suddenly build this thing if we haven't built these other things mature yet so why are we now
 doing that at the same time something else yeah so I guess my other people that have categorised this other
 issue of identify but people have in most of good ideas but they need to be smarter at
 uh in the right way um and I get everyone on this feedback like if anyone doing this company there's
 so many things to go and solve for which is why it's exciting working here but you need to stay focus like
 yeah I didn't like there's there's fifty fires around you which one do you put out first the last thing
 you should be doing is trying to put out all of them at the same time you'll use up your water and the fire would
 just get bigger like focus on like one area at a time make sure the fire doesn't revisit that area
 and then move onto the dags like it's uh and I think there's just as a company shift we need to
 start doing that a bit more um anyway I've started writing now so that makes sense that we do all the
 things to me and I say all this in transparency because I'm not to sort of deter candidates but if anything
 it should be exciting like I found my personally the the work I was doing a matter and then even to
 create priorities I get to sort of a cruising altitude where I understand a lot of the things I'm
 found in and then you're stuck whereby the road to promotion is 10 year base and I have to
 wait a few years to send the seeds or there's just not enough scope to queue and expand into that role
 because someone's already taking that scope and I'm not going to artificially create that scope
 here we've got a different problem we've got a crapper to scope and we try to write our as many
 things we can to solve it so for me this is a great opportunity to sort of grow but it comes in a
 cost which is putting in the work and building a world class program totally totally understood
 that was super helpful thank you so much for breaking it down to me like that let me see if I've been
 not amazing before I ask you if you've got any other questions I don't do any other questions
 I know at one time so I don't want to take your time I think that you know you've answered most of
 my questions so this is this is helpful sounds good and I think there's I believe it's not
 the reason to go out to this with I think an ex-efficient collaborator or something so yes good luck with
 us thank you very nice meeting thank you so much


=== Interview strava 3 ===
 Hello.
 Hello.
 Good morning.
 Good morning.
 Good morning.
 How are you doing?
 I'm doing well. Thank you.
 How are you?
 I'm doing well as well.
 Where are you located?
 I mean, Mountain View.
 Oh, wow.
 I'm in Robert City.
 A little more of this.
 Oh, lovely.
 That's awesome.
 Well, it's fun.
 Nice to meet you.
 Tell me is that how I've seen her name?
 Yes.
 I'm Ashley.
 I've been a straw for over 11 years now on the community management team.
 And I've worked pretty closely with this position in the past as well.
 It's just legal.
 Everybody kind of reports into legal as well.
 I attended work on the, like, more sensitive escalations and crises.
 We're always living here about it in community management.
 That's our term for basically like customer support.
 Okay.
 So I only have three questions.
 And I want to leave you time at the end.
 Because I need you want to, like, circle back to anything.
 Or do you have any questions?
 So does that sound good?
 Sounds good. Thank you.
 Great.
 Okay.
 So for many of our employees,
 Travis, the first time that they're dealing with a compliance type function.
 What is your approach to making regulatory requirements and legal process
 feel less intimidating and more accessible?
 When I think about regulatory requirements,
 I think that it has a lot of intersection with operational effectiveness.
 And so what I mean by that is for everyone that's involved in some sort of operation.
 At the end of the day, what compliance really does the sites from helping you to meet your requirements is that it helps to improve your operations.
 And so what I do when I am talking to teams that I necessarily familiar with compliance,
 or haven't adopted the concept of compliance,
 is helping them understand the intersection between compliance and effectiveness of their operations.
 And so when I'm talking to a team, for example, that hasn't necessarily been,
 and I'll give you an example, if that's okay,
 if I'm helping it team understand from the EU law, for example,
 around like real-power requirements.
 People may not understand like what do we mean by record of processing activities,
 but when I help them understand like if you have an inventory of your data and how that data is being used,
 it also allows you to think about ways that you may want to evaluate where our vulnerabilities are in our system
 because that data inventory would show you the map of your data and to end and we show you the infrastructure.
 And so explaining it like that in that way is I'm speaking the language because I'm talking in this example
 when I'm trying to explain compliance, maybe it's one engineering scene, for example.
 And so helping them understand like your data is stored in your systems, your infrastructure,
 and as of right now, you may not know or have a full understanding of where and where your data is going into
 and what are the vulnerabilities and threats that are associated with your data.
 But when you evaluate, when you implement a real-power, for example, a record of processing activity,
 it provides transparency around where your data is per time and what are the associated threats and vulnerabilities for that data.
 And so that's how I'm happy to dip that just like an example of how I've explained.
 And so at the end of the day when they think about it, you help them see that it's not just meeting a compliance requirement,
 but it makes their work more effective when they have somewhere to reference if they're trying to evaluate risk and threats in their environment.
 Okay, so that definitely sounds like, you know, one of them is really to kind of connect them to how it makes them more successful in their job.
 Would you say there are any other, I guess, like, principles that you lean upon when working with other teams to just help bring them along?
 Yeah, I'm very good at, like, also storytelling, helping people understand, like, concepts, true just like, breaking it down.
 And storytelling doesn't just mean, like, it forked to, but like, storytelling around, you know, what is the goal of what we're trying to achieve?
 It's really taking them from, like, endgame back to the beginning.
 And so telling a story about what goal are we trying to achieve when it comes to compliance? We're trying to make sure that number one, especially if it's because I've done this for companies that store user data or that interface with user data a lot.
 The goal at the end of the day of compliance is to improve trust with customers, at least from a user data perspective.
 So taking that story from, how would you like your customers to interact with the product that you're building today? Do you want them to interact with trust or do you want them to interact with fear?
 And so when they're able to answer that question of how they want their customers to interact with their products, then we start to plot that story of these are the different areas within your product that would allow you to continuously build trust.
 And so part of that is making sure you're transparent about how you're using their data and in order to be transparent, we have to do things like privacy assessments on your products, understand how data has been used the overall data life cycle of data.
 And so once I'm able to plot that story, especially like in a company where when we think about companies that are customer centric and people are really, really, you know, like passionate about their customers, I think it's really driving that story through the path or the route that they're passionate about and helping them see how they can continue to serve the purposes that they're looking to serve by being more compliant.
 Yeah, I love that, I love changing the perspective to think about how you would want your customer to interact with trust and not fear, I was really good call out.
 Next question, so what specific actions do you take to encourage psychological safety in the context of challenging compliance issues?
 And this is like framed in the lens of like saying, do you have employees feeling comfortable to bring something up?
 Yeah, I think number one, making it a very collaborative environment where you ensure that people know their voices can be heard.
 I think when I say their voices can be heard, it's making sure that everyone has a chance to be able to voice how they're thinking about certain matters and that there is transparency on how the impact or on the outcome of voicing what they think about certain situations.
 So number one, the way that I start with that is clear communication in an environment like making sure that communication is clear communication is transparent and communication is tiny.
 I think those are the three fundamental parts of communication that I've seen especially when I lead teams and what I mean by clarity is making sure that I'm not leaving anything out out of sentiment.
 Clarifying things and allowing people to provide feedback and you know to say whether this is clear or this is not clear, so that's part of that.
 And then making sure that communication is tiny right and when I say communication being timely is that people shouldn't be hearing about certain you know like compliance situations after the fact people should be able to get that information at the beginning in order to provide or in order to implement controls that would allow them to fix that.
 And so when we talk about psychological safety, it's really around also ensuring transparency around the environment that everyone can you know.
 I think two aspects of transparency that I'll call out is also as a leader and make sure that I'm leading by example and being transparent and also expecting you know my teams also to be transparent in me and I think the third one also is inclusivity of thoughts.
 I've seen that in many cases there is it's very easy for people.
 Other people's less dominant thoughts to drown in an environment where there are many many dominant trust around like whether it's compliance or whatever area but it's bringing inclusivity of thoughts.
 Making sure that everybody's thoughts count regardless even even the moment it doesn't make the most sense but helping them just like you know.
 Hash out areas or the thoughts that might allow them to feel like they're also included in an environment or in a conversation.
 I hope that answers your question and.
 I really appreciate that was really is really helpful to just like have that structure to not in that way.
 So I've heard clear transparent inclusive and timely.
 Awesome. Thank you.
 And I really love the inclusivity aspect I think that's it's true there's a lot of like ladder voices that often just kind of.
 You know leave leave somebody you may just still be like working something out in their brain.
 Like it may just you know move the conversation past the time where that person is felt like they can't bring it up anymore.
 Yeah.
 Okay, so then my final question is what framework would you use for collaborating with stakeholders like my team community management or trust us.
 You product or operations etc.
 And when you see framework I use specifically referring to like regulatory framework or just like in-house framework that.
 We build.
 Are you referring to like any industry standard framework or just like internal frameworks like you.
 I think it's the way you like to work with other teams like what are some of it again like move back to principles or you don't want to call it framework or processes like what is your philosophy on that.
 What can we call that on what can we cross functional partners correct.
 Yeah, I'm working with yeah collaborating with stakeholders like like my team presence and engineering product.
 Yeah, I'll give my maybe on popular you know like type of how I've done this and it's worked for me.
 I love to build relationships and build in relationships for me number one is communication.
 And so understanding like everyone how they like to communicate and how they like to be communicated with.
 I think those are two different things so some people communicate in a way and they like to be communicated in a different way and so for me it's really building relationships with the people.
 understanding how they like to be communicated and also over time understanding the intention of their communication and the reason why intention of communication is important is because it allows me to look beyond.
 Pushbacks in certain situations and understand where they are really coming from to really get into their pain points and so that's one number two is building trust.
 So I'll just give this practically same like when I've been new in environments or I've seen environments where people are new it's like oh what is the delineation between your job and my job.
 What are you spinning that's new are you trying to come over home and process but it's helping to build trust across team members or functional groups that.
 If you didn't see what's the same goal I'm not trying to come to go about the work that you're doing I'm just helping to improve.
 Or in any way that I can and also just like give you credit for the work that you've done in time.
 And I think that leads me to the third point is helping people understand their impacts in a project so I think a lot of times for me whenever we have like cross functional projects like that.
 You have expressed like what am I supposed to be doing here like what is my role and so more than just helping stakeholders understand their roles and responsibilities.
 I help them understand their impact.
 I think that when I've communicated their impact on a project it's driven more trust and it's driven more transparent communication so I'll give an example.
 Instead of saying that your role as part of this project is to make sure that we're implementing privacy by design across our products.
 I would say that your impact on this project is making sure that we build better products that will provide us the better reputation.
 So I think that those differences have allowed me to partner more effectively with stakeholders.
 And if I can just add one more thing in cases where I experience pushback with my stakeholders is really understanding who are the key players across projects.
 And then getting private buying from them making sure that number one I speak to these people one and one where I can I know sometimes time doesn't permit but that's why I started with relationship.
 And I've seen that when I have a standing relationship with people regardless to see the direction I come from people don't see me as an opponent because we already allied from a relationship standpoint.
 The see me as an ally that's maybe just having an opposing view and then we can always work together to solve whatever challenges that we're facing.
 So that's my framework in general and happy to deep dive if you want more.
 No, I love that. That was excellent. So I heard building relationships is like where you start building trust.
 To your working towards thankful. I'll think people understand that impact instead of just kind of saying like what the regulation for being with the regulation says.
 And then finally just understanding like who the key people are and getting by and.
 You know in a more private like personalized setting.
 Yes.
 Thank you. That's how it's super good for you.
 Excellent. Thank you. And then I guess like since we're kind of on this topic and thinking of one of the things that I know has been.
 Like more of like I guess you call it a friction point for my team and it's around.
 DBAs and just the length of the process for us like.
 I'll just be transparent like we have been waiting out wild to move a project forward because we have the process is so long.
 What is your approach to streamlining things like that?
 Yeah, I have actually experienced that concern with teams that I've worked with.
 And so I would just give you an example of what I did personally.
 When I when we started to work on that team, we were performing things like DPA for every single product and it was just like causing a lag in time.
 What we ended up doing was we ended up dividing or stratifying the process into what we called fast track and actual DPA.
 So what fast track process really entailed was at their products that are coming to our table where we've seen the same types of risk.
 And we've also seen that there are existing controls that help to mitigate those types of risk.
 So those typically go through the fast track route and then we provide mitigations.
 In certain cases we call it mitigations and other cases we call it safe grounds of controls that would allow to mitigate those risk that we're identifying within this fast track areas.
 So kind of that was really understanding how do we want to do a risk risk prioritization within our environment where we're not spending the same amount of time for every single product where some things can move faster than the other because there are things that are associated with things that have already been seen.
 And so what that process until it was when you bring a product that says you're dealing with transparency risk or like data deletion risk and we already seen those risk and time pass and there are existing controls.
 What we just do is we let you know what your inherent risk point you to where you can you know reference in order to implement the controls that would help mitigate your risk and help you understand how your risk will reduce once you've been able to mitigate those controls and those go through the typical fast route.
 Another thing another example that I've done as well in time passes really like we used and automated approach where we have like this we created this automated and associated.
 That allows us to quickly put like data points around the project so instead of having teams to fill out all this like long information we ask for like specific data points that would then drive scores.
 To determine if we're going to take it through like an actual DPI or maybe it stops at the point of a pre DPI and so what that looks like is just high level questions around the data life cycle within that product especially when it's related to data so what type of data you collecting.
 How is the data been collected from a third party and stuff like that and then you take it all the way to the solution and it allows it's pizza to score from a high medium low perspective and then the mediums and lows are usually just like funneled into the path of like hey this is these are your medications and then the ones that are high are the ones that we then end up doing like an actual DPI for another thing is one thing I've also seen that super helpful it's not just about even your process is communicating.
 very, very timely to people and saying hey we will do XYZ communicating your process and say we'll take your process through these there is a chance that your project might not take five months.
 If we get it through the route of medium and low it will take one week but if we get it through the medium of you know through the route of high it will take five months so communicating clearly what that allows teams to do have seen in time pass it allows them to go back and see if they are treat of stick and make on their products ahead of time.
 In the meantime and it also allows them to decide how they want to roll out their products.
 So they can say for example if I'm going to roll out 100% of this product and it's going to take me five months to do a DPI.
 I will roll it out in phases and so they will take a decision among their product teams to say if it's easier to roll out the first phase of this product through a one week demo.
 A true one week risk assessment process then let's do that and so it also allows them to go back and factor our process and our timelines into how they are thinking about their rule out and allowing them to also read on how they want to think about really not in different phases as well.
 So those are the things that have seen to work.
 That's excellent.
 Yeah, I think telling people why I'm like helping them understand where you're at and what the implications are is always really a useful thing is you're just getting that power to change their product.
 They're not at their approach.
 That's one.
 Thank you so much.
 I wanted to give you the last 10 minutes so we can either feel like talking about anything we already covered.
 We can go back or you can ask me anything.
 Yeah, I know I appreciate that.
 Thank you.
 I wanted to ask about the privacy culture at Strava.
 How would you describe the culture?
 Would you say that it's very much sure where people are very accepting of privacy compliance or would you say that it's in that maturity.
 That maturity group process.
 Yeah, well, he came to the right person.
 Because I, for we had a trust in safety team.
 Before GPR or anything like I was leading a working group.
 Like a privacy improvement group.
 Because like I think the full honesty we did start off very.
 It's like pretty open and as a woman at that point in time.
 I was like, I think this product just has like a real like white male perspective on it.
 I'm like the privacy controls and how we think people want to participate and I'm here seeing all of these tickets from users that are demonstrating that like there's a there's a desire for something else.
 So I would say that we come along way since that's days and you know everybody is well aware of the necessity and like we've seen enough of Strava and the news where people know the implications of like doing something that imposes a risk.
 But I would say like it's a little complex because so it's definitely not the top of mind for every team.
 I think it depends I think some product managers are like really really strong at thinking this way and collaborative and coming up with approaches to it.
 And I think some are, you know, getting on board there also was a pretty big shift with RCE the new CEO coming in my partner who's.
 Basically like said it said many, many times trust and safety is our business like we can not violate like social norm.
 Like if somebody's like norm is violated on the platform or they they'll lose trust he's like that's everything to us like so there's there's quite there's a lot of support from him.
 I think the challenge is around it's probably won't be surprising it's around like having a tradeoffs of engagement.
 You know wanting somebody to use the feature in the way it was intended versus giving people control over how they show up I think they're still like the struggle was founded on the idea that people like working together make people better and more active and motivated.
 So inherently there's a belief that like you know there's some good in sharing with a community.
 I think that community is differs depending on who you are some people like to be public and get all the glory on Strava from the public with humans and then some people just want to participate with smaller communities and I think that's really being understood in the language to now that like small communities is kind of where it's at.
 But it's distributed nobody through single team like really as a great for its I view of privacy across the product I'd say there's some people who've been around for a while like myself who kind of have a good idea of the whole landscape.
 But generally speaking every team every product team is kind of responsible for the privacy of their own.
 Which I think makes it a little tricky to follow along with.
 But there's there's an appetite we're growing there and you know this is a definitely a different time that it was so I think people are ready I think they just.
 You know they just the I think more structure around it.
 That makes sense that's helpful.
 Yeah that sounds familiar to having worked in like multiple other companies in my time consulting.
 One more question that I had was on the culture and specifically to type of like leadership engagement.
 So I've seen I've worked in companies where there's top you know bottom approach where typically direction comes from top and then the bottom you know the folks you know.
 That are reporting upwards you know implement and I've also seen cases where it's bottom stop.
 Where you establish direction and then you communicate that to leadership and then they decide whether how would you describe.
 Travis culture is it the one or the other.
 I think it depends on the part of the.
 The part of the business that you're thinking about I think there's some teams that are pretty and like horizontal teams usually that are able to make a lot of their own decisions and.
 We've added up the chain like fighting for example like we are given a lot of autonomy and.
 But we'll bring certain like decisions up to leadership like for example like we're thinking about doing some outsource support because we just need to scale it that's why we're completely in house.
 That was a decision that we were like discussing with with executives but on the other hand there's product and.
 I've seen it go both ways I think at the end of the day I've seen product a lot of the times get have to shift.
 After you know the executive team.
 Like evaluate something or like maybe there's discussions with the board and then there's a decision to pivot.
 But I think generally there's a really pretty there's a smaller group of leaders that kind of define the the high level roadmap and the strategy.
 And then that is circulated down and then the teams get together you know plan out what that looks like a more detail and that kind of close back upwards.
 So there's a little bit of like setting the product just because like the product focus and roadbapping goals at the top level and then each team is interpreting that and then you know sending it back up for evaluation.
 Absolutely absolutely does that's helpful okay yeah that's all those are all the questions that I had.
 Okay well I really appreciate chatting if you was it was a pleasure and yeah good luck if you have more interviews.
 Thank you.
 I don't really looking five minutes if you got to jump at the other one you can get some water or something appreciate you.
 Thank you so much Ashley it was nice meeting you.
 Thank you is a pleasure.
 Thank you Jesus.


=== Netflix interview with Director ===
 for the introduction. So, I started my career in network engineering, started as a tech support
 engineer and was helping an internationalist provider company implement security practices in our
 network and let teams over there as well. And then from there transition fully into data security
 and data privacy compliance at the late where I help to lead transformational implementation of programs,
 including data privacy programs, security programs and I also did lead teams there as well.
 In the meta I also started the data privacy program that implemented for the FCC mandate.
 I also did some work around data privacy for user products and also employee data.
 So, I have a book of that experience and led heavy projects out there. Currently I'm at the
 data resolutions as in monitoring part now where I lead it seems over 50 people and we implement AI
 compliance, workflows for organizations for specifically towards data protection and data privacy.
 Great. Well that all sounds great. So, let me maybe transition a little bit and we'll just
 kind of ask you some questions. Yeah. So, you know, one of the key things with Netflix
 and the way that we operate here is we have, you know, what we just referred to as like the Netflix culture,
 which is kind of this makeup of many different types of values and the way that we show up at work
 in the skills we have and whatnot. And part of that is about people over process and also context
 not control. And so what that translates into is the way that we build context, the way that we learn
 about like what people are working on, the way that we plan on collaborative efforts is very fluid.
 There's not like a standard process out the company that everybody follows and all of that.
 Very much around, you know, being able to navigate kind of the differences team to team or or
 to or depending on what you're working on. So, in that, there's also a lot of freedom on what people decide
 to work on, right? So, they may find things, they may not find things, right? So, if you were to join,
 or, you know, maybe in your past, how do you make sure that your team is working on what you would
 consider the right things? Yeah, so, um, I think one of the things that I've learned to do,
 especially in very innovative environments, is to set scope, goals and objectives ahead of time,
 and make sure that that's very clear, not just to, um, my team, but also to stakeholders,
 especially because a lot of work that's going to be done and a lot of things that
 trigger different types of work and innovative environments, not just within the team,
 but across many stakeholder groups, whether also within or especially for the privacy organization to
 support. So, part of that is making sure that as a team, we're aligned on the goals and objectives
 of the organization for our specific department, what the expected metrics, success metrics look like,
 what the expected outcomes look like for our organization, and making sure there is a communication,
 clear communication of that, and that we can translate that into clear deliverables,
 clear task, and clear outcomes. And that's primarily how I make sure that the team is working on
 things that are important, and also making sure that there is alignment with our stakeholders, as far as
 what we're looking so achieve with specific period of time. And so, how do you, how do you
 stay aligned with like the direction of the company, you know, how do you, um, especially in like a
 very fast-paced environment? Absolutely. So, I've had the opportunity to work in very fast-paced
 environment, especially with companies like Meta, where things change consistently, and another thing
 that causes change also is the rapidly regulatory landscape, rapidly changing regulatory landscape.
 What's most important is that we're hinged on goals and objectives that have already been set.
 Now, where there are changes or where there are, um, you know, triggers that allow us to people in a
 different direction. We want to measure, I would usually carry out a risk assessment of what the impact
 of that change would look like, and also how we rule out the change. So, I've had the opportunity to
 think about really not change from a prioritization standpoint, where we're evaluating, if we implement
 the full change, what does how does that impact our organization versus if we implemented changes in phases,
 for example. And so, in order to make sure that we're staying on track, number one is making sure
 that we also proactive the, um, identify what changes could occur. And that's a very important part of
 working with stakeholders, like, so I can give you an example. In our organization, there was a time
 where employee data wasn't necessarily the biggest focus area for regulators, as far as data privacy was concerned.
 However, when we started working on legal team, because we had offices in, you know, um, we had presence
 in the UK. We began to hear, um, some sort of signals that those regulators were soon start focusing
 on employee data. And so, we started to ramp up how to think about our employee data privacy requirements.
 And true to that, couple years down the line, employee data was something that the EU started to focus
 on, and even in New York, for example, the AI laws specific towards employee data. So, again,
 it's really just been proactive about the changes. Number two, making sure that we're building
 scalable programs that kind of accommodate changes even if need be. Making sure that we're communicating
 those changes immediately. And then doing risk assessment, so I identified the, um, impact of those
 changes and making sure that it doesn't vary from our goals and objectives. I'll be each strategies
 might change over time. Okay. And then I mean, you mentioned a few, you didn't there, but like,
 how do you define and measure the success of your team for something like that? And when you say,
 measure the success of our team, is it really deep to change or just really deep to program implementation?
 Um, I think maybe a program implementation that also has to change over time.
 Yeah. So, one of the ways that we measure that, um, in terms of success metrics is how much impact
 from a negative standpoint changes close to our team, and how quickly we are able to implement changes.
 And so part of that is thinking about how our team is adapting to it changing environment. And so part
 of the success metrics would look like timelines, for example, when we've had, you know, um, certain
 types of changes in time past, how quickly were we able to implement, how nimble was the team, and how
 we improving over time within that, you know, time based metric. So that's one of that. And second one is how
 to change these impacts our overall workflows. And what that looks like is when there are
 changes, how does it not just impact our team, but how does it impact our stakeholders? So changing
 impacts is one thing. And then the last thing is feedback. Feedback from the people who are generally
 impacted by changes. Again, you know, I see that I like to the way that I, um, you know, communicate to
 my team about changes is changes not about the, it just means growth. And so the ability to communicate
 change and implement change in a way that people start to feel comfortable about the changes,
 especially without stakeholder groups, is one way we measure some of those metrics. So we get feedback
 from our partners, how did that change impact you, how were you able to, you know, pivot with our
 team in partnership to implement some of those changes. So just to recap the three changes, number one
 timelines require timelines that it takes to, you know, pivot on changes, number two impacts of changes on our
 entire workflow and number three feedback from our stakeholders. And you know, it's a bonus one
 would just be as an organization, how is our change impacting or personally effectiveness of the organization
 and the business goals of the organization as a whole? Okay, yeah, it sounds good. So I'm going to change
 gears just a little bit. Sorry, I'm having my family is having some things in their personal life.
 Oh, so I apologize that my phone is like dinging and stuff. I'm just trying to navigate,
 you know, we're stopping personal stuff. I'm so sorry about that. I hope things go well. Okay,
 it's all good. So let's see. So one of the, you know, you mentioned a lot about kind of
 aligning goals and thinking about, you know, scope goals and objectives ahead of time. How do you think
 about, like, how do you approach developing a strategy for your team, right? So and can you maybe
 provide an example of where you had like a successful strategy you implemented in the past,
 related to your team's performance? Okay. And so just to make sure I can provide you the answer that
 you're looking for. So when you say strategy for my team, it's that strategy for how the team
 implemented project or strategy for team performance and team growth. I want to make sure I
 answer it. I want to say the latter. Okay. The latter. Yeah. So typically my biggest thing is
 communication. Clear communication and transparent communication. So the first thing I do when I get on
 the team is I do one-on-one. All the time, especially for direct reports. That's just something that I do.
 And the one-on-one is not just to show that it's not just for the, you know, for the metrics.
 It's really to understand what people's goals are, what their expectations are, what their long-term
 short-term goals look like. Now, once I understand that, I begin to think about how I can support
 those long-term goals, either by making sure that these folks are engaging in projects that allow them
 to meet or to achieve their long-term goals and success requirements. And then basically,
 based off of that, I begin to give certain success metrics that would allow them to reach that goal.
 So we have a metrics that allows us to build certain milestones that are associated with your goals
 and strategies. So we don't leave your goals in the air. We implement milestones. Sometimes
 I've implemented three, you know, when I was consulting, for example, consulting was a bit different from
 in-house. There were very, like, short-term projects. So in those cases, sometimes goals are set for,
 like, milestones are set for, like, one month. In other cases, six months, three months, milestone.
 And then we measure and monitor. Once we set those milestones. So measure, how did you do against the last
 milestone? And then we continue to monitor and then give feedback. One of the things that I encourage,
 feedback is not just one way for me. It's both sides. So I give feedback in terms of how they're meeting
 their milestones. But I also get feedback or I ask specific transparent feedback on my supporting
 you the right way or your expectations being met from me as a leader. And so to summarize that,
 my strategy is clear communication, understanding expectations from both sides, understanding
 theirs, understanding mine in terms of how they kind of work together with me. So I treat their goals.
 And then, you know, creating milestones, measuring the successes of those milestones, monitoring,
 and then giving feedback. And yeah, so that's how we close that loop of team performance strategy.
 OK. Could you describe a situation where you had to make adjustments to, like, the team's
 strategy to better align with business goals? So in other words, let's say that your team strategy was
 around ensuring that all employee data was, you know, monitored and measured and at the right
 protections in place. And then the business decided to say, yeah, we don't care about that anymore.
 That's just an example. I'm not saying that that's the example you should use. But like,
 can you give me an example where your team kind of had a strategy that they were heading towards?
 And then the business went in a different direction. And, you know, had to kind of pivot
 and maybe just walk me through that a little bit. Sure. I recall one, it was emerged. The trigger was a
 combination of not just the business but external regulators. So one example that comes to mind was when I was
 leading the team to implement the FTC mandate at meta. Initially, our initial scope was data on
 prem. So data within Facebook infrastructure or as it's called at the time was Facebook matters
 infrastructure. However, as we started to talk to the regulators, they demanded that we increase the scope
 and evaluate data in the cloud. And so we were concentrated on looking at products in-house and after a
 while, we had to start going out to our cloud environments or products that were launched in cloud.
 So evaluate how data was being used there and evaluate the data privacy controls. So we had to change strategy.
 The first thing that I needed to do number one was to think, how do we prioritize all of the different tasks that we had at hand?
 Obviously, prior to that is really thinking about now the scope has increased. What additional tasks do we need to complete?
 And then how do we reprioritize as a team? And then what are the different strengths on my team that could take
 rows associated with the prioritized tasks and these different changes? And then we also thought about
 resourcing the team. Or if you'd like additional additional resources to the team, you know, that's what
 allows me that goal and that vision. I can dive deeper in summary what we just needed to do was to
 think about how our deliverables were going to change, who on the team had strength to pivot in a different
 direction or to cater to deliverables and task associated with that change. And then number three,
 we had to think about how we're going to get additional resources to fill in the gap. And number four,
 we were going to also think about what our deployment strategy would look like. Because again, one of the
 biggest things for that project was we needed people who had expertise in the cloud environment. And at the time,
 my team was resource for people who were mostly project managers, product managers. And so I needed to request
 for an additional resource for somebody who had expertise in the cloud to help us facilitate that. But ultimately,
 a prioritization risk-based prioritization metrics is what we typically use and then making sure that
 the rules are assigned according to skill strengths and then ensuring that we're also communicating.
 Again, the biggest thing for that project was strategy changed, but we also had to make sure that our approach
 for deploying that strategy was being communicated and in alignment with what the regulators and the
 organization needed. Okay, and you talked a little bit in there about risk and I know you mentioned
 risk assessments earlier as well. So just talks me a little bit about like, you know, what role you think
 risk plays in strategy development for you? Yes. When you come to the strategy development,
 what risk allows you to do is really allows you to be very practical about impact of what you're implementing.
 And impact not just from what can go wrong with perspective, but what can go well with perspective.
 And so what that really looks like in practical terms is for that specific project, for example,
 one of the things we had to evaluate where our sensitive data in the cloud and how do we want to
 make sure that we're tackling cloud environments with the highest sensitive data versus those
 that weren't as sensitive as they would be. But pragmatically speaking, what risk allows you to understand
 is it allows you to identify the impact it also allows you to identify the level of effort required.
 It allows you to also identify the urgency of that project in terms of if we do this now, what kind of
 cost does versus if we did it later. So a risk perspective allows us to prioritize tasks.
 It allows us to understand the urgency of a task. It allows us to understand the level of effort required
 for that task. And it also allows us to understand not just internal impact of that work or that,
 you know, strategy that we're putting out for the impact externally for us, especially because many
 of the organizations that have worked with are very customer focused. And so whenever we're prioritizing
 or doing implementing strategy, it's not enough that we're just thinking about it's impact to
 also the organization, but we have to think about the impact of the customers as well. So again,
 you know, risk based allows you to prioritize tasks, deliverables, the timeliness, the urgency, the
 level of effort and also the impact to our external and external environment.
 Got it. Okay. Let's see, some of the switch gears a little bit. You know, as I mentioned,
 you know, the culture here can be, you know, very fluid that also sometimes means that we have
 like vageness in the direction that we're going, right? It's just like product manager that's like,
 I have this idea, let's go do it, and you know, we don't have a lot of details around all of that.
 So can you tell me about a time where you had a situation with very vague requirements or like a vague
 understanding of the problem?
 Oh, are you over there? I think I lost you for a few seconds there.
 Can you hear me? You need me to repeat? Yes, please. Thank you.
 So can you tell me about a time you had to go into a situation with very vague requirements
 or like a vague understanding of the problem at hand, but you were still able to like get alignment
 and get the job done, so to speak? Yeah. So I'd like to say to my team that one of the,
 I don't want to call it downside, but one of the inheritance of what you inherit as part of
 if fast, you know, innovative environment is ambiguity, because when you set up to do new things,
 it's usually not clear from the beginning. It's very, you know, there's a lot of ambiguity around it.
 One example that I recall was when we had an issue around data exposure for our sensitive data in the
 employee space. Now, we didn't necessarily have a breach, but there was an incident where we had a
 number of folks who were having access to data that they shouldn't have had access to. Now, we were called
 as the data privacy team to come implement something to take care of that, basically from a short-term
 long-term perspective. Now, it wasn't clear what the exact impact of that problem was, how sensitive the data
 was, what they were requiring us to do with that from a policies standpoint or a technological standpoint.
 And so the first thing was really understanding what was the trigger for that incident being reported.
 They must have been an impact that somebody identified somewhere. And so, and then what problem we were trying to
 solve. So usually what I like to do is take people back to what problem we're trying to solve. Instead of
 been thinking about what we want to like what our strategy looks like. And so the problem that
 organization was just looking to solve at the time was just implementing processes in place to ensure that
 one of the rights access was no longer in that particular space or particular ecosystem. And so part of
 understanding what the trigger was was number one identifying the stakeholders who were part of that process.
 And understanding what the specific problem was that they wanted to solve and understanding the
 specific needs. So again, as we began to talk to the people, the first thing we realized was that there
 was no policy specifically for access, access controls in that specific space. There were no guidelines,
 no standardized document that allowed people to think about how do we even access data. And so again,
 when we're implementing those types of issues, the first layer of control is usually the policies,
 the standards and the documentation. And then from there understanding what is the regulatory
 impact associated with this issue? Because the regulatory impact also allows us to understand how we
 direct our delivery rules and what types of strategy and even urgency that we're required. So what we saw
 was that we had an impending audit coming where the scope of the audit was potentially going to include
 that data itself. Now, this was not something we learned of the bad. We had to learn it as we started to
 speak to the different stakeholders. And so that allowed us to begin to think about what strategy we wanted
 to put in place in order to meet the regulatory requirement, especially with an impending audit. And then
 finally, it was really to understand the impact of that exposure from an operational standpoint in terms of the
 internal operations of that team and even for meta as a whole. And so once we were able to gather all
 of that, it allowed us to think about all of the different activities that we would solve. And quite frankly,
 it meant a lot of communication with the stakeholders, making sure they were aligned with our deliverables.
 So immediately we understood the problems. We understood the triggers. It was mostly from a regulatory
 standpoint trigger that they were wanting us to implement that. Then we started to identify
 what different types of controls we would need some needs. I mean, excuse me, we would need to implement.
 Now, when I think controls to implement, we're thinking of controls to implement to help reduce risk.
 So the risk of data exposure and also to meet the specific regulatory requirements that we're looking for.
 And so once we were able to uncover that around what we wanted to do with risk reduction
 and meeting the regulatory requirements, it allowed us to be able to distill that into different
 deliverables, tasks and very clear milestones and guidelines that we're now able to socialize with our
 stakeholders and get alignment on and where it would be more forward with that.
 All right, so last pivot in my categorization of questions. So what do you value in a leader?
 A lot of things for me, I value clear communication, which encompasses and one of the things that
 I've been reading the Netflix culture. And honestly, one of the things I really liked about it was the
 feedback, you know, component of it. I love leaders that communicate transparently and can provide rapid
 feedback, both positive and negative. So I would say like that transparent communication of like clear
 direction, clear guidelines, clear feedback, not ambiguous feedback, actionable feedback is one thing
 that I would say I'd truly value in leadership. And I like leadership that provides context, which is
 also part of the communication piece, right? It's not so much about control. I don't like to be micro
 managed. I don't like to micro manage people. I love to give people context. I think context said the
 sets the tone for a lot of trust. It sets the tone for transparency. It reduces ambiguity and
 environment and it just allows for more effective communication. So again, there's so many things
 that I value, but I think communication, transparent communication, least with feedback, would be my biggest thing,
 you know, of course also least with like context over control, would be my biggest things when it comes to leadership.
 Okay, do you have an example of like a person you were or, you know, someone, you know,
 beside you that you felt was, you know, exemplified a lot of the things. Can you just maybe share
 a little bit more about your relationship with that person, you know, maybe you mean an example of something
 that they did that you valued? Yeah, I'll never forget one of my leaders at Deloitte,
 a partner at Deloitte who ended up becoming my mentor. One of the things that I learned from them was
 their ability to communicate effectively and in a timely manner. So there's one thing to communicate
 effectively. There's also the timeliness of communication and then there's also the style of communication
 that breeds trust, you know, and transparency. And so for her, I liked her leadership and I was able to grow
 under her leadership because first of all, she was very quick to give me feedback, both positive and negative.
 When something was great, she highlighted it, when something was into great and she was very brittle about it.
 She was in, so it's funny when I was reading the Netflix culture and they were like, oh, we're football team,
 you know, we're not like the family kind of thing. I grew up in a family where feedback was to know, like,
 if you don't do right, nobody's giving you brownie points for like, oh, E4F, it's like, no, you didn't do well,
 get back to your drawing board. So those types of environments shaped me and, you know, being on their
 leader like that was very useful for me, you know, to grow and to also improve myself as a leader and learn
 from their style. But I also saw one of the other good things that I saw was how they also interacted with
 stakeholders in a way that, you know, allowed them to bridge trust and influence. Prior to that time,
 the leadership that I was used to was, you know, leadership by compulsion, you know, asking people to do
 things from a position or standpoint. But I saw this person being able to influence using trust,
 clear communication and influence people, not just the internal to her team, but external to her team
 for first training, effective collaboration and just like effective, you know, implementation of projects.
 I think amongst many things, those are like the two things that I appreciated about her and one of
 the things that I love is she was very nimble as well, which is something that I learned.
 Being very adaptable to change, expecting change as a leader and then making fast decisions, allowing,
 you know, herself, she was never afraid of failure. She would make statements like, feel fast so you
 can win fast. So it's better that you fail, don't, don't stall on decision making because you're
 afraid of failure because failure is part of the process that allows you to get those wins. And so she
 taught me to take decisions very fast. Fail fast, recover fast from those decisions, I mean decisions,
 and then take the next right option at the back of your mind. And so those three things, communication,
 feedback, being nimble, adaptive to change, and also being very fast when you come to
 decision making. All right, things that I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would
 get admired about her. Excellent. Well, that all sounds good. And those are all the questions that I have.
 So we do have a few minutes left if you, are there any questions that I can answer for you?
 Yeah, absolutely. Thank you. So I see that you had a lot of experience also with a lot of
 big tech companies like Google, which is amazing, congrats. I want to ask you, what part of the
 culture at Netflix do you need to do? You have to adjust with the most especially because you had
 worked in, yeah, lots of tech environments. Yeah, yeah, you know, it's funny. So yeah, I was at Google for 12
 years. So obviously, you know, that was like my longest tenure at the time. I guess it's still my longest
 tenure because I've only been here seven. So, um, and then I went to Pinterest, which was like more
 unicorns start at the type environment, um, you know. And when I came to Netflix, I,
 candidly, I didn't really know much about Netflix when I applied for the job that I had at the time.
 I just saw like some keywords, and I was like, this job sounds great for me. I'm going to apply
 Emma Go. And when I started meeting with my like eventual manager and some of the people in the
 interview panel, they started talking a lot about this like people over process, and you know, like we don't
 do things like quarterly planning or any of these sort of structured processes. I think also performance
 management, you know, we don't have a formal performance management process here. That was, you know,
 it was, it wasn't scary not to have those things, but I like could not imagine operating at a large company
 that didn't have those things. I was like, how does anybody get anything done? Like how does anybody know
 anybody's doing? Um, and so now when I came here seven years ago, it was even less structured than it is
 today, we do have some process, good process, right? So team do do quarterly plans, and we do generally
 have kind of an annual planning time frame where the company is talking about goals and organizations
 are talking about goals. At the time when I joined, we didn't even really have that. So there was a lot of
 like adaptation to just, how am I going to understand what's important to other people, right,
 because I couldn't pull up a like a okay art tool and just look at their goals for the quarter,
 that was like, that didn't exist, and that doesn't really exist today either. There's more today
 that I could, you know, just search and read, but, um, so that connection of building like relationships
 with people and really understanding what like organizations care about was different than what I had to
 do at Google. Um, at Google, you sort of naturally had these teams that you worked with because you all
 like rolled up to the same people or you had the same top level goals. Um, or you just like had things that
 you had to work off of each other, you know, like security has to work with certain products and things like that.
 Um, but they're just became kind of like this, um, it was just sort of like you were partnered and that was the
 way it went. And it Netflix is not like that, you know, it's very much about, um, advocating for your teams,
 you know, educating your stakeholders, learning and being curious about what they care about,
 adapting your own approaches to be like either more rigid or less rigid, you know, lean into
 risk or lean out of risk depending on where they are. Um, things like the development of our, um,
 asphalt, our streaming video on demand, um, product, that's very mature, right? That's our bread and butter. That's
 the thing that's been around for 20 plus years. Um, things like games, um, you know, is really new, you know,
 we're like, you know, we're like, you know, we're way at the beginning of that journey. They're moving really quickly,
 they're iterating their changing strategies every six months, you know, it's like, you know, they're still trying to find it.
 And we want to be good partners there. We don't want to be the partner. There's like, oh, I'm slow down. You're the thing. And so there's
 a lot of adaptation. You know, a lot of it's built on relationships, contact sharing, understanding, you know, all of those things.
 But I think that was probably the biggest one. The second one I will say is the performance management aspect, you know,
 we talk about having this open culture of feedback. I've always considered myself like a very straightforward person, but I didn't
 again, didn't really understand what it meant to just consistently be giving feedback. I love it personally.
 I love that we don't like wait for six months. And then just like slam it all in a performance review that you got to go through.
 It is part of the way that we talk to each other, that I talked to my team, that they talked to me, all of those things.
 And so it's a welcomed difference. But it certainly was a difference. You know, it was a difference that I was like,
 don't know how it's going to go, but it's been really welcomed. Amazing. Amazing. Thanks for answering that,
 like that. I'm very one of the biggest things that you were mentioned is really just like the processes,
 you know, that, you know, the process differences and that's, I like environments like that that,
 you know, elevates people over process, allows people to, you know, innovate, you know, instead of putting
 you're a Christian all of that. One last question that I had for you, I heard you mentioned that
 your team and the privacy team are probably the ones that work, you know, obviously you don't do everything together,
 but there might be overlapped areas. There are only like overlap areas where you all like share deliverables, share,
 like certain milestones, maybe like risk assessment and things like that. And what does that look like for your team?
 Yeah, I mean, so there are definitely like synergy areas where we try and share as much context as
 possible. So for instance, if I use ads as an example, we have like an ads, she's fall working group,
 like we have someone from privacy in there. We have folks from various security teams. I'm the executive
 sponsor, so I, you know, I'm in there sort of keeping an eye on what's going on and, you know,
 like talking more about the business stuff and all that. And so when we, so we do create some, you know,
 half one goals or half two goals has a group. And that gives us a bit of a touch point to say, okay,
 like this is what privacy is focused on. They're focused on, you know, and ads, there's obviously like data
 collection components and protections. There's also ads partners that are, you know,
 coming on board and dealing with different data elements and whatnot. So those are places where it's a
 good opportunity for us to say, okay, well, like that's related to this area that we care about as well.
 So should we like be in there together? Should we like, should we just share context in this meeting?
 Like, how does that work? And it's not a one-size-fits-all, right? I don't think there's a, there's a scenario.
 We always say, like, oh, well, if it's sort of related, we should always be together. Sometimes it's like,
 it's sort of related, but there's very clear privacy, depth, necessary for conversation that it doesn't
 make sense to have conversations in conjunction. So I think the goals are really about
 awareness across the groups, right? And then where we can find areas that have really strong
 sick energy, then we can partner together and maybe even lean on each other, right? Where we can say,
 okay, hey, for this effort, there's a lot of privacy stuff. There's a thing that's very closely related
 from security, but it's not super heavy, but you keep an eye on like, what's going on in there?
 Yeah. And then, low back that context, right? And share it with us. And then we can decide,
 like, do we need to engage more or what not? Or vice versa, right? And I think that's part of being like,
 you know, part of the same organization, you know, good collaborative relationships and such.
 Look at that. Look at that. And I agree with that, like, you know, it's obviously,
 you don't want to, like, be working together all the time, but you want to identify potential
 areas where they could be shared responsibilities and make sure that you're aligned on that. That's
 that's really good. Thank you. That's, that's all the questions that I had. I appreciate you answering them.
 All right. Excellent. Well, thank you for your time. Yeah. I'll provide all my feedback back to the
 people that need to get it. And then I'm sure someone will reach out on next steps. Sounds good. Thank you very
 much. Okay. Take care. Bye.


=== Netflix interview with peer stakeholder manager ===
 Hi everyone, I may not have heard you, I think you may have missed you on that one.
 Hi. Hi. Are you Italian? Yes, that is correct, Timmy. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you, Bob.
 I mean the privacy infrastructure engineering team here at that place.
 We are software engineering team, part of the privacy of the action optimization.
 And we work closely with the infrastructure.
 So the data production team sets the items and our field inputs.
 I see. Great. That's helpful.
 So I see you at Maddo.
 Once I've met right now, I'm at the database solutions leading a team for AI compliance walkthroughs.
 So, um, how are you doing? Well, thank you for asking. How about yourself?
 No, I'm fine.
 All right, um, so I need to work out. Sounds good to me.
 Let's see. How do you work on a team with other leaders?
 And when you say how do I work on a team with other leaders, can you give me a bit of context?
 So that just to make sure I can frame the answer you can for.
 Okay. Yeah. So, um, I'm not going to have this concept called first team.
 So the first team is basically all like all manager is all your peer managers.
 So within the pharmacy, all of you have to make that as the director.
 Okay. I think there will be like, uh, there's me and Tracy for the managers for pharmacy infrastructure engineering.
 I should hope on the engineering.
 And then the data production manager will be part of this first team.
 And when you think about it, it's then the first team.
 It could also include other managers for partner teams.
 Right. And stakeholder teams.
 Yeah. So when you think about yourself in this kind of organization, like I'm sure that is very similar.
 Organized to all your current company.
 How how can you think, um, can you describe how you work with other leaders?
 Right.
 Okay. Yeah. Absolutely.
 So I think in terms of how I work with other leaders is really building a relationship that allows us to understand our goals.
 From an organizational perspective,
 goals and objectives and where we have overlaps or where we have relationships that would allow us to synergize in order to meet those required goals.
 So practically what that means is having open and transparent communication early.
 So when my team is planning for the quarter or developing okayers,
 making sure that these teams are brought in early to be a part of our planning process.
 So that if there any needs to require from our team,
 we're providing that and vice versa and we get alignment on what needs to be done.
 And then part of that also allows us to establish where there might be overlaps and where we may be able to reduce the duplications.
 And then there is another important aspect of establishing our workflows.
 So in teams like this, there are times where they need to be hand-offs from one team to the other.
 And it's important to understand what that workflow would look like.
 So for example, when I have walked up meta as part of a larger organization,
 we have the risk management team, the controls team and the privacy engineering team.
 So like you were mentioning, your team is the one that does implementation
 and the data protection team sets the tomb.
 So it's really understanding where does that hand, hand off, you know, coming, where does that hand shift coming?
 And then what I've done for teams in time passes building a very standardized workflow
 that everyone has transparency for. Everyone knows when to handle to the next team.
 We understand what the entire dependencies are and we understand what our expected outcomes are as well.
 And then also making sure that as we report as part of our achievement for the team,
 we're also making sure that we can incorporate shared wins across the different teams.
 And also incorporate where we're able to collaborate and synergize in order to achieve certain required objectives.
 So in summary, it's collaborating from the planning perspective, collaborating on the workflow, collaborating on the outcomes,
 and then collaborating on the reporting mechanism for all the different teams that are working together.
 So what do you think in the first team like this, what kind of strength that you bring to the table?
 So my biggest strength is I'm able to translate non-technical concepts to technical tips, use me to a non-technical team.
 My strength is in bringing stakeholders together and making sure that communication is dissected to the degree that they can't all adopt whatever it is that we're trying to inform.
 So because I have a background in engineering, I wasn't the engineering space for a very long time.
 So I understand systems and the infrastructure.
 So for example, when I'm speaking to the privacy engineering team, I understand typically the typical SDLC software development life cycle,
 when it comes to incorporating whatever requirements, software design requirements into that process.
 And so when I think about integrating that to privacy by design, making sure that privacy requirements are incorporated,
 I understand where at the point of the software development life cycle, the principle like data minimization, for example, it's to come in.
 So I can give you a very good example. So when I'm trying to incorporate data minimization into a product, it starts from the user interface.
 Where your making sure that the user interface only has, you know, spaces to collect the specific type of information that we're collecting.
 And so from a regulatory non-technical perspective, data minimization is a concept from a regulatory term that I can explain to lawyers that making sure that we're not collecting more data that we need.
 But when I'm translating that to the team that's implementing that, I have to talk to them about in the context of design or UI or even for the data privacy engineering team talking to them about that in the context of the, you know,
 you know, get checks for the types of data that we're collecting and making sure that we have things like when you think about API calls, we have things like limits that we're putting in place to make sure that we're not collecting,
 or finally more data than we regularly need. So that communication, making sure that there's synergy because sometimes the engineering team is saying something and it's struggling to the legal team.
 And so the being able to sit at in the middle of all these people and doing that translation to make sure that each of the teams are collaborating together and they're hearing each other and there's a good translation is what I bring to the table.
 Do you have a feeling for a situation that we go, wanting to be, how engineering and pulling certain things?
 All the time. All the time. And I can give some examples if you want me to share that.
 Yeah, absolutely. So one of the things that I've seen throughout my career is that legal is coming straight from the regulatory side, but they usually don't understand the design or the infrastructure.
 One example was when we were at the middle and the regulatory requirement required us to do encryption at some point.
 Now the way that the data infrastructure at the middle works is that it cannot do encryption. They have very robust access controls in place that they have set up.
 But the legal team was tied towards encryption and the engineering team was like encryption does not work in our environment.
 And so that was a place where we had to come together. So I was on the team at that time.
 And the idea of encryption is to protect data to the degree that data is not exposed and allows us to meet our requirements.
 And there's a concept in compliance through my time in consulting where we say it's a defensibility, not necessarily compliance.
 So the ability to show the risk that you are reducing as a result of the controls that you're putting in place.
 So the risk that encryption really is reducing is exposure of the risk of exposure of data.
 But the access controls that meta engineers had also put in place was also reducing and mitigating that risk.
 So to be able to translate that discussion from your risk standpoint where legal was able to see that this process is reducing risk.
 And the engineering team also understood that this process is reducing risk.
 I allowed us to be able to get that collaborative effort in implementing the controls.
 That's a really good example. Thank you.
 You're welcome.
 So when was your first team when you were on?
 And why was why I was worried?
 I've had a lot of best teams. I think I think about best teams relatively.
 My best teams are the teams that challenge me the most are the teams that allow for innovation.
 I would say like one of the teams that challenged me the most was when I was actually lead the team that commissioned the FTC privacy program at meta.
 So I was at the Lloyd at the time and the Lloyd was brought in to commission the FTC mandated program.
 That was as a result of the Cambridge Analytica.
 And so that project was very, very fascinating for me because I had to relearn the data infrastructure meta.
 It was very different.
 So I had come from environments where the infrastructure was not as complex as what I saw at meta.
 So that was one thing that made it good.
 The second thing that made it good was just the amount of collaboration that we had to do.
 So one of my experiences that I really loved was really getting into privacy engineering.
 And if you are familiar with meta, a lot of the privacy implementations that they do.
 They call it what this. They say it's privacy in code.
 So they codify data privacy into the implementation across systems and across products.
 And so it was interesting to be able to sit with privacy engineers and talk to them in the language of compliance and see how they translated that.
 So one example was consent mechanism for example.
 Making sure that we had consent mechanism not just honored on the front end, but also on the back end.
 So part of that was really understanding how to were implementing meta tasks as consent requirements and all of this.
 It was what made it very interesting was number one. It was a very large scale project.
 There was an opportunity to collaborate with a lot of cross-functional teams including legal data, analytics, privacy engineering.
 And it was very innovative driven because the meta was looking to implement something that was different from the market.
 Making sure that they could also meet privacy in order to enforce instead of trying to manually enforce privacy across their systems.
 So and then the people also that I worked with.
 And just the leaders that I was able to interact with was what made that project extremely interesting for me.
 How do you work to influence the priority of these projects?
 Because sometimes when you work with a partner team, you're priority might not be there, right?
 So how do you make sure that the privacy does not block the ability that does not slow you down?
 Right. So when I think about the priorities of partners, part of what allows me to reduce some of those risks ahead of time is making sure that my partner is involved in my planning process.
 And so bringing them in, I want to call it collaboration by design just boring from privacy by design is not thinking about privacy after the fact, but thinking about it, even before you start your entire process.
 So part of that is making sure that my partners are in fact part of our prioritization approach.
 And so what I've scientifically is that while you're absolutely right that there might be places where we have conflicting priorities.
 I've also seen areas where we have similar priorities that we can potentially partner on.
 Now where we have competing priorities, I've taken a risk management approach and brought all the people into the room.
 To identify if our partners are trying to make us prioritize something, what does the impact of mitigating that situation look like?
 What does the impact of not doing it look like and what does the impact of doing it look like for a team?
 Now the impact of doing it on our team, for example, is like what does resource and look like, resource and look like for us?
 What we did add in terms of the workload of the team?
 And then from the impact of doing it is like what risk are we reducing, is it urgent for us?
 How does it also help to meet going back to our overall goals and objectives of the team?
 So those are the things that we typically consider and what I realize is that once we get into the room and we're able to practically identify the risk that we're able to solve collaboratively, we can then prioritize what those approaches look like.
 Because now we have that risk assessment data to help us make an informed decision.
 If you ever be in a situation that something that you thought that you had presented at a very strong case to prioritize your work or the partner team, and they actually don't have the resource or ability to work on it.
 Well, like, you know, two quarters or a year.
 And what do you do at the moment is a situation like that?
 I've had many of those, especially relative to so I can give you an example.
 When we were at meta, one of the things that meta is big on is using tools to get work done.
 And so they tried to make sure that we were closely aligned.
 So for every compliance team that we're part of, we were closely aligned with the tooling team that helped us build our compliance workflows into tools.
 So think about what, I don't know if you're familiar with some of those like one trust tools out there, meta builds their own internally.
 And so part of the challenges that we encountered was we as a team had aligned on the things that we wanted to achieve in the context of having a tool to get that done.
 And then when we went to give so a very good example, we were working on it at the time and there were lots of change requests.
 And so what would have made it easier and to change requests involved a lot of our provosts and a lot of like you know, because it was going to the regular tool.
 So they needed to be a lot of like, provosts and all of that.
 However, if we had to use the tool, the tool would have increased our efficiency by more than 50%.
 And I recall that we went to the tooling team and they said there was no priority because they did not have anybody on their team to focus on that.
 So what we did was we negotiated on a faced approach.
 And so part of that was in order to implement a change management system, there were many requirements that we're having.
 And so I think the requirements initially overwhelmed them.
 And so we had to reduce the requirements to most hubs and good to have.
 And then we collaborated with them to say if we want to implement this whole thing, it sounds like you might take us a year.
 If we slash our requirement by 50%, is there any chance that you might be able to fit that into your workflow.
 And so when we were able to do that, we were able to think about what are the requirements that are easy fixes for their team that would still work as an intern plant for us.
 So that was something that we were able to incorporate and then we took a faced approach where we fixed some, and we were able to get the tooling team to help us do something in the long time in the short term.
 And then we continuously followed up on that with them.
 And actually this was very interesting because I recall what I specifically saw to them was I told them that because they were also tracking for metric success.
 They were supposed to track how their team was elevating compliance.
 And so what I told them as a negotiation factor was when you implement this for us, you're able to track this as your own metrics as part of how you're reporting.
 So it's going to be a shared one. So in fact, you're not doing work for our team.
 We are collaborating on this.
 So then when you're doing your final report to the VP and all of that, they understand how your team is also helping to elevate compliance.
 So those two aspects was what you're going to be home for us to be able to get their buying to implement that tooling for us.
 That's great. That's a really great example. Thank you.
 So for your team, how do you hold your team accountable to their work?
 Yes. So in terms of accountability, it's making sure that there's clarity of rules and responsibilities.
 It's very important for me and that there is continuous transparency when things change, especially in the first, you know, in a very innovative environment.
 And then helping them understand the impact of their work and how that impacts not just the team, but how it impacts the organization.
 So part of the accountability process is that there is a lot of opportunity to do it in a manual method, which I incorporate both, where I'm setting up like cadence for feedback and cadence for updates and cadence for check-ins.
 But also there is the automated fashion of where people get the sense of accountability from the impact level they discern from the work that they're doing.
 And so in cases where I would have had to force somebody to meet a specific deadline or to do something, they already understand the impact of their work.
 So it allows them to take early accountability when they're doing those things.
 But on top of that, I also make sure that there is clear communication whenever there are changes, there's transparent communication, we're getting feedback.
 And I've also had cases where I had to go deep down with the team to drive accountability in certain cases, depending on the urgency of the work.
 So my accountability enforcement approach varies per time.
 But ultimately it's grounded on making sure the team understands their clear rules and responsibilities, making sure that they understand the impact and the value that's been driven by the rule.
 And then making sure that there is the cadence for continuous communication of feedback, especially when something went to change from there and something went to change from leadership.
 Making sure that that communication line is okay.
 That's great.
 So can you give an example when somebody actually needs the deadline?
 And how do you handle the impact that maybe that the missing deadline could have impact on your partner teams and your stakeholders, right?
 And how do you manage that?
 Right.
 I recall the time this was, it did actually was a very huge impact. It didn't just even impact our stakeholders.
 It was something that potentially would have impacted the organization because we're doing not audit.
 And so the audit work was meant to evaluate data in the cloud and to be able to provide to the audit towards the types of controls that we were putting in place.
 Now, what had happened was that this person was collaborating with some engineers to understand the controls that we're putting in place because this person is an audit on my team.
 But they also needed to gather all the pieces of data that you know had come from the team.
 Now, the good news of what I was able to do in that situation was that I noticed that we're going to run out of time in that particular, because I was getting information from them to and through.
 And quite frankly, we didn't meet the deadline in terms of the specific promise that we had made.
 So we had promised that a certain percentage of the products and systems would report on that within a specified timeframe for the purpose of the audit.
 However, as we were moving, because we didn't necessarily have very good, you know, engagement or report at the time, we were at the lot we were at the light team, so we external were consulting at the time.
 So we were external to the project.
 What I quickly pivoted on was communicating to our leadership to say, hey, we had provided that we would be giving you XYZ percentage information on data assets and the controls.
 However, what we can do is we can provide you with this amount of information.
 And what we did with that was that we weren't just saying we were going to give you a percentage, but we prioritized the base on the risk perspective in terms of what the assets would want.
 So what I quickly realized was that the assets were thinking about sensitive data or data infrastructural systems that had the most sensitive data.
 So once I knew that we were running back on time and would not have been able to achieve that goal, I made sure that we did a reprioritization effort to focus on the sensitive data classes that would need to be in front of the assets within that timeframe.
 And so we're able to quickly pivot on that.
 We weren't able to provide what we had promised, but at least we took a prioritization approach that showed the assets that we were taking care of our most sensitive data.
 And then on top of that, we provided a roadmap that would allow us to go back and let them know what timelines will be able to provide the remaining resource information that was needed for the audit.
 I'm long. That's great. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Can you tell me, maybe give me an example of a time when someone came to you with a problem.
 That, I'm sorry, let me refer.
 Let's say someone on your team came to you because they have problem with someone else. How do you deal with that?
 And is that someone else on the team or outside of the team? Because I want to be able to contextualize my answer for you.
 Yeah, so it could be someone that not on your team come to you and they have an issue with someone on your team.
 Got it. That makes sense.
 Oh, if you don't have an example like that, but you can give me a different example.
 Thank you. I've actually had that.
 I've had that situation before where we were also working on an audit.
 And so the person had come and let me know that our team wasn't communicating well.
 There are more of communication was in alignment with the team and it didn't allow them to be up.
 So let me just provide you like what the actual context was.
 So our team, this was again was another audit that we were performing.
 And part of the audit was we needed the engineering team to provide us some sort of demo.
 Because the assessors were needing to see some sort of demo in terms of some of the controls that we had put in place.
 And this involved some of those engineering teams to run quotes that sometimes lasted for hours.
 And it took time to run. And so their complaint was that our team wasn't good at communicating timelines for which they needed that because
 As sites from giving us information about you know the audit that we're asking for.
 They also had their own operational requirements that they needed to meet.
 And so they felt like our communication was slowing down their efficiency and was acting as an impedance to their own work as well.
 And so I had to call the member on my team who you know I had they had talked about.
 And the way that I addressed the type of situation is number one I talked objectively about the feedback that was provided.
 And I also talk about the impact of what you know in the feedback that has been provided.
 And then I get back you know their own side of how they're thinking about it.
 And so it's really like hey.
 I've been hearing that communication hasn't not been very effective with the other team and slowing down their work have they expressed that to you.
 So that I can understand how they might also have navigated the situation before me coming in.
 And in certain cases they might say, oh I've already gotten that feedback and I'm working towards it.
 And then they talked to me about what their request actually looks like as far as like what they're trying to do to address the situation.
 And in many cases maybe they're not already considering it.
 But for this particular case that I did have the example for this person had already gotten that feedback directly from the team.
 But it didn't feel like they were acting upon it.
 They felt like they were doing something but the team didn't feel like they were doing it also it had to come to me.
 And so I sat down with them to understand what do you think you can do to make this work better or to make communication better.
 And so it was making sure that we both collaborated on our course of approach.
 And so it was picking out what is making your communication slow just identifying specific areas that they had called out slow communication.
 You know in proper timelines that you know are provided towards to be able to provide what we're needing.
 And I really just sat down with them how come we communicate better.
 What does your communication look like today?
 What does good communication look like?
 And then what do we need to do in terms of timeline?
 How soon do we need to keep them proactive?
 To be able to make sure they're running the code that provides us what we needed.
 In some cases also there were queries that they needed to run and get to provide us what we needed as well.
 And so we're able to work that through together and then went back and then I had specific goals that they needed to actually within a certain period of time.
 And so I said in the next two weeks we want to be able to check back with the team and see what has changed.
 And we must know that timelines are now working better for them.
 Communication hasn't proved.
 And so by the next two weeks I spoke to the person who had brought up the complaint.
 And they told me that they had been a slight improvement.
 Now in this case unfortunately I had to switch the person.
 Because while the improvement was there it was slow.
 It was in as fast as we wanted to because we wanted to high.
 So I've been in projects where it's not a high priority.
 And I take time to coach these individuals.
 But this one was a very high priority project.
 So I had to switch them.
 To bring in someone else who was more further ahead and communicating.
 And better just a structured right time.
 And then we were able to get that moving.
 That's good.
 That's a good example.
 So what happened to the person that he switched out.
 So he was going on a different project.
 No.
 Well there were so the project that I was leading at the time was submit segmented into different subjects that we were providing.
 So what I noticed was that they were better.
 I just like the back end stuff gathering documentation.
 Doing all of like the operational stuff behind the scene.
 But they weren't necessarily good at just like interacting and communicating.
 So I had them you know prioritized that for a while.
 And then I also peered them.
 Actually, I recall peering them with the full content team to make sure that they learned.
 You know, and all of that now.
 And the practical deal here was that this was a consulting example.
 And the consulting people moved projects very often.
 So I had it short time to mentor them.
 However, they had to move on to another project.
 But I had received good feedback from some of the projects that they were on.
 They learned that they had improved on their communication style.
 And the good news is that the person who had peered them up to mentor.
 They still maintained the good relationship with that individual.
 So mentoring them and making sure that they were getting better in their communication.
 It's great.
 I think communication is always a tricky one.
 Especially with engineers.
 Correct.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Sometimes they don't forget like they'll be good for a while.
 And then they forget.
 That's absolutely true.
 Yes.
 You're right.
 Can you also tell me about a time when someone on your team.
 Can you?
 Because they write to a problem and they don't know how to solve it.
 Yes.
 A couple times.
 So when people come to me and talk to me about problems that they're not able to solve,
 I usually just dissect the different pieces of the problem.
 Because sometimes when you come to problems solving different components,
 then there's the operational piece of it.
 And like we're talking about, there's just a piece of collaborating with people on the team.
 So I had one specifically where I knew that this person was actually very talented.
 But they were facing a lot of pushback from the engineering team.
 And they quite frankly didn't know how to handle it.
 And so we had to sit down together and talk about really just like pinpointing where the child.
 Because many times people just say, oh, this project is hard.
 And it's really like, can we dissect it to see what parts of the project are hard for you.
 So that we can identify the strengths and weaknesses.
 And so when I dissected it with this individual, I realized that they were speaking a different language from the engineering team.
 And they weren't able to coordinate.
 So they weren't getting like quick successions on what they were looking to turn over.
 And so it was sitting down with them and helping them identify what were the communication gaps.
 As they spoke to the engineering team and like what were the communication bridges.
 And so in that case actually, I did have them go read up some materials to understand how the team operates.
 To understand just some high-level infrastructure, you know, whatever of the team.
 And I also encourage them to have one of ones with the team members to kind of get better.
 And even I think that we all learn every day.
 So part of what I made sure he understood was, hey, it's not a bad situation.
 You're going to have to learn anyway. So the early at the better.
 And so making sure number one, I instituted, you know, an approach for us.
 Sorry, a communication line for us to meet regularly to see how they were doing.
 Based off of our last, you know, conversation.
 Giving them materials to go read as well to make sure that they were getting.
 And then making sure that they had some sort of like cadence with the engineering team.
 I also appeared then with somebody who was technically sound on my team.
 For that particular person, they actually were able to solve that.
 And they actually got like a recognition for, you know, doing extremely well on that project.
 Because they were able to pivot on the approach of communication, get somebody on the team to help them.
 And then we had consistent feedbacks on how they were doing.
 And I think that was one of the, my proud manager moment, where I saw somebody go from, I can't do this thing.
 So I'm actually now exciting and this thing.
 So I think that was one good example of somebody that actually did, you know, improve themselves on the job.
 Yeah, I was growing.
 So I'm excited to see. Yes. For sure.
 All of them.
 These are all my questions. Do you have questions coming?
 I do have questions for you.
 I wanted to ask you, so the Netflix culture is very, it's very interesting.
 It's very different from most, you know, I want to ask you which part of the culture took you the most time to, you know, sort of adopt or adapt to.
 I see navigated Netflix thing as a whole.
 That's a good question.
 I think so there's a lot of freedom on Netflix for you to do your work.
 There's very little process and guidance coming from management to like dictate exactly how you should do your work.
 And there is a lot of transparency.
 So in Netflix, for example, almost all the calendars, I hope, but anywhere to see.
 And that initially was kind of scary for me because I've ever worked in calendars, always private.
 And then theory can see your managers calendar, you can see all your direct arts calendar.
 And it's important to be very open and very honest.
 Feedback culture is like, when you think about feedback, it's sometimes it sounds like a great idea.
 But to actually hear feedback, sometimes it'd be difficult.
 And to like actively go seek out feedback, that could also be very scary.
 So that is, yeah, I think it took a little adjustment for me.
 But once you start to understand like all people give you feedback because they want to help you.
 It's constructive and it's not personal.
 And if we all have this mindset, then it becomes a very, almost very easy environment to work with.
 Because you could be open to all your team members and all your managers, your peers, and they will be open to you.
 So yeah, I think it makes it, you know, where I'm easier to work.
 That makes sense. That's super helpful.
 I like that you call that, that you know, transparency.
 I just didn't even know that that existed.
 Where people can see each other's calendars and things like that.
 Thank you for calling that out.
 My second question for you is, you mentioned that you're part of the privacy engineering team and you implement what it is that, you know,
 the data-protect or other compliance teams are providing.
 What would you say is the biggest like blocker or like biggest challenge that your team experiences as the implementation team,
 when you're constantly interacting with all these teams that give you some sort of direction when you're implementation?
 I think, especially when it comes to life, data-protection, there are some of the problems I'm very difficult to solve,
 and it's not very, not always very straightforward.
 So for example, classification, when you, when you classify a data set, you can classify this data set,
 you can contain data from a consumer, or maybe has ads related data.
 And it could also potentially the consumer can be an employee.
 So you have some kind of HR data.
 So when it comes to like, imposing policies on this data set, what do you do?
 Do you treat this data set as consumer or do you treat this data set as ads?
 So because all of these very big and sometimes somewhat inch pieces, it makes our job a little difficult,
 because we have to figure out how to implement around it all like, how do we,
 because if we don't get guidance from the data protection team, that we can move forward, right?
 And then management will call and say, like, why are we not protecting these data?
 And because we don't know if we should be making a decision to say like, whether we should treat it as a consumer, they don't say that.
 So that's one example.
 And different example, it could be that, and it could be like, how much risk does that data protection team,
 all that's not clicks, is willing to take and we don't protect on certain data sets.
 Or if there is conflict resolutions, how much risk are we willing to take?
 Because it's very difficult to say that you're going to protect 100% of the data.
 So I want to percentage the risk is tolerable.
 And I think that's a hard question for the data protection team to answer and for us to implement this solution.
 Sometimes it's hard for us to say, because from an engineering point of view, we want to make sure that everything falls through the car.
 That will protect everything, but we can't.
 So that's sometimes it can be very frustrating.
 So that's super helpful.
 And I can't resonate with that so much, because at meta one of the biggest challenges that we're facing was assigning data sensitivity levels.
 And it's so hard, so it's because to your point, we had situations where data can be employed data at the same time it's also customer data.
 And so you're trying to figure out, like, how do you protect it like in its different states and forms?
 So that was definitely very big hurdle to cross as we implemented regulatory requirements.
 But I resonate with the complexities of data and the use cases associated with.
 So thank you for sharing that. That's all the questions that I had. Thank you for answering them.
 All right.
 Um, it is nothing else. I'll give you more minutes.
 Awesome. Thank you so much, everyone. I hope you have a good Friday.
 Thank you, too. Thank you.
 It was great to have you with you.
 See, thank you so much. Bye bye.
 Thank you, Jesus.


=== Netflix interview with talent manager ===
 Hello, how are you?
 Hi, I'm well. Good morning. How are you?
 Good morning. Happy Monday.
 Happy Monday to you as well.
 Thank you. Well, looking forward to chatting with you.
 We'll spend most of our time kind of going through some pieces around hiring,
 as well as inclusion when it relates to onboarding.
 And then I'll make sure that we wrap up a little bit early,
 so you have plenty of time to ask me any questions that are top of mind.
 Sounds good. Thank you, Chelsea.
 Of course. And I'll just be taking some notes.
 I just like to mention that if you hear me typing.
 You're worse.
 Well, maybe to kick things off because when we spoke,
 it was really more so in preparation for the interviews.
 And so I'm sure you've been thinking more about the role
 and as you prepare for the conversations with us.
 And so would love to hear as you think about the opportunity
 based on everything you've learned so far about the role,
 the team, company, culture.
 What are some of the pieces that you're most excited about at this point?
 Yeah. It's been on some pleasure to speak with all the folks on the team.
 I've had the chance to speak with Sumida, who's the hiring manager.
 And while she's quite new, ramping up with the culture and everything,
 it was very interesting to see the culture from her own perspective.
 And I think one of the things that she pointed out was just the difference between
 the flexibility at Netflix when it comes to rules making.
 Vases where she's coming from and the dynamics of, you know,
 like transferring or delegating work to the people that she's working around
 and even dealing with stakeholders.
 And I had the chance to also speak with
 Lewis, who is actually a team.
 And one of the things that excites me most about the program
 or the role itself is that Netflix is beginning to build
 compliance for their future, if you like.
 It's some sort of innovation going on there.
 And so as they incorporate ads into their processes and they begin to deal with all these different
 third parties, there are lots of changes that we need to be made or some sort of
 innovative solutions that need to be brought into play.
 So I'm very excited about expanding my scope and contributing to the team in that
 and leading a team to success.
 As far as the culture, a lot of things have actually stood out to me.
 A lot of them, I can definitely relate to and they aren't very new as much to me.
 The one that I stood out to me and I really loved was the part of the culture where it says
 that we seek to improve the culture and not preserve the culture.
 I think that was very interesting to me because the reputation of culture is to preserve it.
 You don't necessarily try to improve culture.
 You want to preserve it for the next generation and all that.
 But the way that I could think about that is saving money versus investing money.
 So like you save money, it stays at the same state, you invest it in multiplies.
 And so the ability or the opportunity to come into an environment where the conscious
 consistently evolving allows for innovation in so many regard and allows for diversity of thoughts.
 So those are the different things there.
 And I'm actually very excited about an environment like that that allows you to improve and continuously
 iterate the culture to feed to the evolution of the company.
 That's awesome.
 Yeah, it's interesting because that is how we always think about it.
 It should be a living, breathing artifact that evolves with us.
 And we, you know, iterated the culture memo.
 It was a deck way back in the day that it's a different format now, a few times.
 For the exactly that reason in terms of the business is inevitably going to change.
 You know, we want to make sure that it is reflective of where we are as a business as a company.
 And so it is something that's not set in stone.
 We do want to preserve the elements that have worth wealth for us.
 Like, can there in feedback and maybe it's thinking like how do you continue to evolve?
 That is the company grows, etc.
 But I'm glad that representative with you because I do think it's really unique.
 Fantastic.
 Yeah.
 Well, let's talk about hiring.
 We always say that hiring is one of the, if not the most important thing, a leader can do a Netflix
 and be able to do that effectively and, you know, really objectively in terms of what the needs of the team are.
 And Netflix, we don't have things like hiring committees and so hiring managers truly are the informed captain when it comes to everything related to their search.
 So like the job description, the interview plan, who's on it, what we're assessing for, making the decision at the end of the day.
 That is all run by hiring managers with close partnership with my team and talent acquisition.
 And I always like to share that context because I do think it sets us up a little bit uniquely in terms of really ingreen, you know, the search for a specific role on the specific needs of the team.
 So I'd love to hear from you, you know, in general, when you know that you are going to hire how do you specifically go about understanding
 and really assessing and identifying the needs of the team before you actually engage in the hiring process at the hiring manager.
 Yeah, so I have different approaches depending on where I'm at in terms of the evolution of the team.
 So I've been on teams where I've been asked to come build the team from scratch.
 I've also been on teams where I've been asked to come expand the team.
 And so part of the process that I use these number one understanding the goals and your objectives of the team.
 In certain cases, they have very clear goals, sometimes the goals need to be clearly defined almost.
 But I make sure that I embed myself into all of the different unique stakeholders that are part of that goal or the goals and objectives that the team is looking so achieve.
 So that involves the people who are actually working on deliver goals.
 The stakeholders that they're partnering with, what do they need for us?
 And then our leadership, what is the leadership requirement from our team?
 Really teach to overall community goals.
 Now once that's established and I've received the alignment, I begin to do a gap analysis of where we currently have the roles and responsibilities aligned with our goals or the culture that we're trying to build.
 And where we mean it's a higher for more, you know, when I'm hiring also my strategy uses two pillars.
 I think about the capability pillar, which is where I'm assessing for skills and experience and technical abilities.
 And then I do have what I like to call this strategic pillar, where I'm thinking about how do we bring people to evolve the culture of this team?
 How do we bring people to innovate especially because I've worked in a lot of fast-paced environment?
 It's very important for me to think about how we, where we want to be and how can we hire to continue to move at the pace of the innovation of the organization itself.
 And so making sure that I'm thinking about all of that.
 And then I build typically rules and responsibility metrics that would allow me to then identify the right qualities that I'm looking for in, you know, the next.
 And then make sure that's aligned with everyone.
 One thing that I would mention is that I've seen on teams that I've hired where even though people are currently, you know, performing in a particular role of capacity, they may have expressed that they want to take on other roles.
 And so I take that into consideration to think about who can fill in this gap, who might have more strengths than the person who's currently there and then move things around to make sure everyone is doing work that.
 That's great.
 And you kind of started to talk about it a little bit in terms of like capability.
 But when it comes to thinking about like the, what you look for when you're hiring, what type of things do you like to look for outside of like the raw technical skill requirements for a role or their particular attributes that you prioritize?
 Absolutely.
 And so for me, again, because I've worked in a very fast-paced environment and also alignment with Netflix goals and culture, I look for somebody who's in a big game.
 You have to be somebody who can solve problems.
 I like people who have an understanding of the diversity of how to think about one problem and not thinking about it in one direction.
 So that's one, number two, I look for people who have collaborative abilities, not just to solve problems by themselves.
 But to think about how do we solve problems for the team and in the interest of the organization.
 So for example, I would ask them to tell me a time where they collaborated with a team to solve a particular problem and what their role was to be able to get that signal that I'm looking for.
 I also look for people who are nimble. When you're answering my question, I look for somebody who is very quick to think about problems solving on their feet.
 And they don't have to have all the data or all the information they can do with ambiguity on the spot.
 And so because when you think about an innovative environment, somewhat like Netflix, one of the aftermath of an innovative environment is you have to deal with a lot of ambiguity and you have to be comfortable dealing with that.
 And so that's what I look for. And somebody who is really committed, looking to, you know, somebody who's passionate about what they're doing.
 That allows them, you know, inadvertently to drive for innovation and group.
 Absolutely, absolutely, I love that.
 And when it comes to thinking about inclusion and diversity while hiring, what are some of your hiring initiatives related to those efforts and how do you think about specifically assessing.
 Specifically assessing talent with that in mind.
 Yes. So when I think about diversity, diversity spans much more to deeper for me.
 I think about diversity, even in the context of the industries that people come from.
 And so many times I've been on teams where I'm deliberating with like my whole, you know, partners and we're looking to hire.
 And people specifically want to hire people from the same industry as where we are.
 And what I usually say today is somebody who comes from another industry brings diversity to the team and allows us to think, especially because compliance is such a subjective environment.
 And you have to think about it broadly, especially from a risk standpoint, beyond your industry to be able to get proactive means of solving problems.
 So industry specific, you know, requirements is how I think about diversity.
 I also think about diversity from a diversity of experience.
 So, you know, I'm not just thinking about the longevity or longevity of experience.
 I'm also thinking about quality of experience.
 So it's not just about hiring somebody who has 15, 20 years of experiences about somebody who's had quality experience doing the vast majority of work,
 where the outside of, you know, the industry that we're currently in and within the industry.
 But it's also one other thing is diversity of thoughts.
 How people solve problems.
 So I've seen that when I'm hiring, for example, there are some people who are more innovative in problem solving.
 Some people going to execution mode immediately.
 And you need a diversity of that on the team to be able to create a balanced effect.
 So those are the things that I think about also diversity of culture, of course diversity of, you know, where you're coming from your background and all of that things that I would consider.
 Mm-hmm.
 Definitely.
 Are there any specific hiring strategies that you've used to ensure that you have a really diverse well rounded pipeline while you're hiring?
 Absolutely.
 So when I'm in, in the time past, for example, so there was a time when I was an engineering manager in my first rule part of what we were asked to focus on was diversity.
 Now at the time, my industry was very female dominated.
 And I was, this was back home in Nigeria.
 You would, it was very hard to see or to see engineers who were women.
 And so we had to take the effort to actually go to schools that had, you know, women association of girls association engineering and target those conferences to be able to get girls common to team.
 You know, you know, got, we females from the college, you know, from the college group.
 So that was one thing that we really had to do.
 Another thing that we had to do was also to diversify our pipeline, our recruiting pipeline.
 To make sure that we were encouraging our hiring, you know, our talent partners, not just to seek from a specific industry.
 But we're very clear about the different types of industries that we wanted to get talent from now.
 I'm talking experience higher.
 So when we're thinking about like college hires, we had to go to a specific demographic to go get people to ensure that diverse pipeline.
 But also encouraging our talent partners to make sure that we're seeking diversity of industries to be able to get us that diversity.
 Absolutely. And as a follow up, how do you balance finding someone who will integrate well with the team while fostering a diverse team?
 So a little bit about like the hiring on to, you know, your, your team.
 Yeah. So when I think about diversity, diversity still has to be anchored on certain foundations in the team.
 Certain functional or, you know, foundational cultural elements of the team.
 Now diversity does not necessarily mean, you know, you know,
 Clash, clashing thoughts that does not allow the team to forward.
 It just means a different thought that allows us to grow more and more.
 So when I'm thinking about incorporating diversity into my team, I'm making sure that every aspect of diversity that I think about is grounded on the specific foundation of elements of the team.
 So if I'm hiring for diversity, I'm thinking how does the diversity that I'm considering help innovation?
 How does the diversity that I'm considering help us to solve problems?
 I do that. So I'll give you an example.
 Right now, I'm, I'm a managing partner at the date of our solutions and we started to expand our client base to Africa.
 And what that meant was a lot of the people that we were working with here in the United States, which was great.
 But we also needed people who understood the stuff African market, the Rwanda market and the Kenya market.
 And so we started having to think about people in those areas that would give us more context.
 So we started expanding our hiring bases.
 Now, the goal of that was really to expand our thoughts pattern, our problem solving skills in relation to the specific market that we were looking to target.
 So that's how we think about incorporating, yeah, talent in front.
 Yeah.
 Have you ever received any like tough feedback or given tough feedback as a result of like, you know, the hiring process or onboarding process?
 I recall early on in my career when I had my first manager role as an engineering manager.
 Because I was in a very, very heavy technical environment.
 Now, when you think about engineering environment, it's either something works or it doesn't.
 There's no subject to activity.
 And so it was very performance driven.
 And so my first experience as a manager, I was very focused on hiring for performance versus hiring for cultural fate.
 And so part of that was a gap that was seen on the team where we had so many high performers that were struggling with adapting to the culture of the organization.
 And so part of the feedback that had gotten received at the time was making sure there was a clear balance of performance and culture of fate.
 But also where we may have that gap seeking for ways to provide mentorship.
 And you know, partnership for these folks to be able to, you know, cover that gap.
 So that's one thing I've learned over time.
 Absolutely.
 And when it comes to, you know, maybe like onboarding and thinking about bringing new individuals onto your team,
 how do you keep continuous feedback top of mind?
 So the new hires on your team can really understand how they're doing.
 Yeah, so when new hires join my team, I make sure that we have a very structured approach in terms of onboarding for them.
 While I was at the law, this was something that was very top of mind for consulting.
 And so what we typically had was we had a one month onboarding program for the individuals that got hired.
 And really, week one was about integrating themselves into the team and then we had, you know,
 cadence each of the aspects of the team or the work that they needed to focus on.
 And then making sure that feedback wasn't also just negative feedback at the beginning and positive feedback to ensure that that trust was being built.
 And so part of how I give feedback even is based off of signals that I even hear in the interviews.
 And when I see that clear out as they get onboarded, I provide feedback to say, hey, you know, I heard you say, you were a good communicator and so far as we've started introducing you to the stakeholders
 I've seen that you've been communicating well, however, these are areas that, you know, you think we should align them, but also setting clear goals and expectations.
 For the team to make sure that whatever they're doing is an alignment with those clear goals and objectives and allowing them autonomy to continue to evolve their work.
 Awesome, awesome, that's great.
 Well, that is all of the areas that Sunita wanted me to cover, so we definitely went through them quickly, which is totally fine.
 But as I mentioned, I want to make sure that you have time to ask me questions, so I will turn it to you.
 Absolutely, thank you so much.
 So I see that you've been here for 10 years, that's pretty admirable time to be somewhere, congratulations.
 And in terms of the culture, how have you seen the culture evolve, especially with what they see in the Netflix culture, remember that the culture evolves, how have you particularly seen the culture evolve about the past 10 years?
 I mean, I think the obvious ones is a truly operating like the global company, you know, 10 years ago, we didn't have offices overseas, we didn't have employees overseas and honestly not even subscribers.
 Quite yet. And so, you know, that push to be more global.


=== Netflix interview with team members ===
 Oh, where are you?
 Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on.
 All right, let's get to this.
 Thank you.
 I'm sorry.
 I'm sorry.
 I'm sorry.
 I'm sorry.
 I'm sorry.
 Thank you.
 You
 You
 You
 Oh
 There
 Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. How are you?
 Doing good. Doing good. Is it? Tell me. How do I say your name? Just make sure I like that right.
 Yeah, it's Timmy. Timmy. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you.
 I was just looking through your resume and you and I have a similar background. I think that's pretty cool.
 I was also at Deloic for a while and I went to Medev for a period of time and now I'm in Netflix.
 That's awesome. Yeah, that's pretty cool.
 All right, so let me start with some intros. I'll introduce myself so you know you're talking to you and then I'd love to hear an intro from you and kind of how you got to where you are and where what why you're interested in this role.
 And then we'll go into some questions from there.
 Mostly I'm, so I'm, I'm on our data protection engineering team. Debbie gotten an overview of like our function from Sunita and I've got a chance to talk to her yet.
 I did get a chance to talk to her, but I'd love to hear from your perspective as well.
 Sure, great. Yeah, we, so we are the privacy data protection engineering team, which largely has three pillars.
 One is privacy engineering.
 That is a group of privacy engineers that are responsible for understanding the risks and the business and getting, getting aligned with what the business is trying to do and make sure that they're doing things right, privacy wise.
 And then there's the data protection team, which is the implementation team of privacy engineering.
 The people that build the controls build the capabilities, make sure that we have the telemetry and the metrics and everything to know how things are working.
 And partner with data platforms and other groups to build controls.
 And then the third pillar is our privacy infrastructure engineering team, which is, I would say, actually engineers software engineers.
 They are the ones that are building the shared services, building legal privacy tools as well as operational privacy tools and that's the growing team.
 So that's, that's our larger organization and the data protection engineering piece that I'm in is mostly two people right now, Kara and myself.
 And this would be the manager role for that team to help us set direction and build out this team even further and move our objectives forward.
 So I've been at Netflix for seven years.
 Just a couple weeks ago at seven years and before that I said, I was at meta doing a lot of investigations detection engineering abuse investigations.
 I was one of the leads on the, the team at the time that used to do like are people violating our user and access policies and if so what's going on there and like we were part of the security team back then.
 I know meta has changed dramatically since I was there privacy we were we were just starting to talk about privacy when I left in a 2018.
 So I'd love to hear I'd love to hear how things are going there.
 But that's that's me that's my background launch tunnel tomorrow by yourself.
 Yeah sure thanks for that you know overview.
 I have it makes in my experience kind of similar to yours.
 So I started my career as a security engineer where I was implementing security networks for organizations and also implementing security infrastructures.
 To help protect data assets and the infrastructures that supported those assets.
 And then also went on to lead teams to help build and scale out our security programs at the time.
 And then moved on to consulting where I started to focus a look more in data privacy compliance.
 And so kind of layered on top of that technical expertise non technical expertise to kind of breach the gap between engineering teams and compliance teams to ensure you know,
 and seamless implementation and also let teams at the point.
 And then from there like right now mentioned joint meta at in 2019 from the point to as a consultant.
 Where I let the team that instituted the FTC organized data privacy program or the FTC induced data privacy program.
 So I let the team from the point at the time where we were implementing risk assessments and controls to derive data privacy implementations from
 programmatic standpoint and from a product standpoint.
 And then moved over to meta full time where I was leading risk assessments that were driving some of these audits assessments that were going another time.
 And then went on to develop policies and lead teams that were driving data classification policies for the purpose of the regulatory requirements that we had.
 So from an operational standpoint and then went on to the people team where I stood up the data privacy programs specifically for people data.
 And now at the data versus solutions I managed a team of 50 plus members comprising of data privacy engineers product managers data scientists where we implement AI to remain compliant solutions for our clients across sport.
 Very excited about looking to innovate more in an environment that drives and strives for excellence like networks and also just leveraging teams and just you know the smart people around me to scale.
 You know compliance programs and ultimately help companies organizations see data privacy as a business advantage and not an impedimentive innovations.
 So yeah that's that's my overview.
 That is excellent that's that's that's that's a lot of the type of work that we need to do we do not have the level of scale and rigor around data privacy and compliance and reporting and visibility that that that it hasn't we we may never have we may never need to be at the same level but we still have a lot we built a lot of foundational capabilities.
 And now we're trying to scale that but we are also recognizing that Netflix is changing as a business Netflix is no longer just a streaming site with device data and user activity and playback type information.
 Yet the company still in a lot of ways operates like that is the like that is the the main focus for a lot of our controls and capabilities.
 But as we brought on our games studios and building out building out data collection there as our ads business grows as we start to introduce physical environments places where people can actually experience Netflix and real life.
 Like a lot of these things that the businesses doing are bringing a lot of attention to.
 The privacy needs the concerns that that we have as a business.
 So that's that's that's where we are now I will say that our for our team focuses a lot on data classification like we're still in a lot of ways trying to get that part right.
 So that we can have more and more effective policies and implementation of automated controls.
 So why don't you tell me a little bit about your role and the automated data classification specifically any any specific projects or or like just start with tell me about your role around automated data classification and your previous or in your current role.
 Yeah absolutely so in terms of data classification when I lead projects and teams that are driving for data classification number one is establishing the goals and the outcomes.
 Many times when we're developing data classification standards because we have so many different stakeholders.
 It's important to understand what the goals and the outcome are for the data classification and I like to anchor that really around it's very simple.
 I'm quite out around regulatory outcomes and operational outcomes which is just our internal requirements like what our customers need what the levels are business and what the levels profit.
 So in terms of my role is number one making sure the goals are clear.
 Very clear at the beginning establishing those goals and then showing alignment with all the different stakeholders obviously identifying who the key stakeholders are going to be a part of.
 Who the key stakeholders are going to be as part of developing that data classification standard.
 So part of that is involving legal you know very early on making sure that the regulatory aspect is taking care of from legal standpoint.
 Number two ensuring that we incorporate the engineering teams that are holding that are you know the custodians of the assets the storage data because again one thing that I've seen as I've led data classification projects is.
 There's always a gap of understanding from the policy in terms from a gap of understanding in terms of how the police is created but also how the system infrastructure itself.
 So there have been times where you know legal would say something like oh we need to classify data by region but the data warehouse doesn't do that.
 And so it's important to reach that gap and then making sure that the rules and responsibilities of all these different stakeholders are very very outlined in terms of the implementation and the expectations going forward.
 And then number four is really just ensuring that there is enough training and awareness of the policy.
 To ensure that there is adoption of that policy and there is advocacy in the groups that we need to be using that policy, especially because a lot of policies just go that end and no one's using it is just like lying follow.
 And then really one point that I should have mentioned before training awareness is establishing our data classification methodology.
 Making sure that that's clear obviously the goal and the outcome is what drives for that.
 So it weren't driving a data classification specifically for regulatory outcomes. You want to think GDPRCCP and all these things to drive what strategies that we use.
 So yeah and then taking into consideration risk assessment is also a big deal when we're thinking about classifying data making sure that we're classified data based on risk and from a data privacy standpoint the word there is just how much harm.
 Can different data types, you know, pose to use that based on the level of sensitivity.
 Yeah.
 You're just taking some notes here.
 Yeah, those are those some of those things we've we have been working on some of those things we're currently working on.
 I and you talk about how we did you have a role in defining like how meta classifies data and how they choose what what metadata to use what what taxonomy and framework to use or is that something that we was you adopted when you joined just curious if you had a role in that.
 I did so we had a requirement from the RTC to implement a data classification standard across all of our different assets from obviously from a privacy standpoint and part of that was really defining sensitivity of data based on number one the potential harm that the exposure of data can cause
 And so we had initially developed five levels of sensitivity and we came back with a feedback from the assessors that you know having five levels of data sensitivity doesn't allow us to concentrate on our most important data assets.
 And so they wanted us to streamline the sensitivity levels a bit. So what that meant was really classifying data into high medium and low sensitivity now high medium high sensitivity just made data that if it was to be exposed constituted high risk.
 Number two data that obviously constituted harm based of use now so there's two different things data that if you were to be exposed constituted harm what the use of the data so it was also important that we weren't just thinking about data by itself.
 But thinking about the relative use cases across board for each of those data types to understand the risk level or the level of sensitivity so there were times where.
 And we also took into consideration things like how GDP are we think about data sensitivity and all that regulatory obligation so from a GDP are perspective for example.
 Email addresses are not necessarily classified sensitive however when we started to evaluate the use cases like meta of email addresses we saw that the use cases potentially could pose harm to use as especially when consent wasn't collected.
 And so that bumped some of those on seemingly types of data that may not be sensitive at surface level to high sensitivity level.
 So the three major requirements we're really thinking about the regulatory obligations that we're already there from because GDP are six to two for data privacy in general and CCP as because we are in California.
 And then secondly making sure we understood the use of the data to be able to layer on top of that levels of sensitivity and then we conducted risk assessment to evaluate what types of risk with the exposure of these different types of data pose to our customers yeah.
 So that that's I love that I want to dig into a little bit about how do you how do you go about understanding the use cases and the threats to data that that.
 But you in your example GDPR doesn't define email addresses as sensitive but your the business was able to identify use cases or threats associated with email addresses that raised that risk level.
 How did you go about defining those threats and making sure that they weren't just theoretical hypothetical but they were real potential issues.
 Yes, so one of the ways that allowed us to identify was to also evaluate the identify ability as part of the use cases.
 So what we realized was that when it comes to use the use of data involves linking certain data elements to additional data elements that could then provide certain profiling that in turn could cause harm to the user.
 So it wasn't just about, you know, obviously the use of the data itself was one thing but what additional data points are linked to the email address in our systems that when profile together could potentially cause harm to the users.
 And so that we're sending cases where data elements like email addresses were linked to other types of sensitive information in fact that we then lead us to think about for the specific use case email address has to be bumped up to you know sensitive data and also in cases where.
 Email addresses were also linked to employee information at some point where email addresses were also linked to religious information in certain areas.
 Also where email addresses were also linked to health or biometric information we had to think about that and so those were the considerations that allowed us to bump things like email addresses.
 For example, where we thought about them and specifically for meta one of the biggest use cases was where email addresses were linked to location data.
 So that was one of the biggest use cases where ordinary location data was in necessarily sensitive email by top was in sensitive when you linked both together and you started to make you know some sort of like profiling information.
 Then you had you know sensitive data coming out of that so we had to bump some of those as well.
 That's that's because that's where we are right now trying you know kind of trying to evolve our data classification taxonomy to something that.
 It's better with the new business is a little more flexible when I think about data classification one one component is the type of data right it's it's an email it's an IP address it's a password whatever it is.
 The other component is context so an email address by itself my Netflix email address is not that sensitive insight the company pretty much everyone should have access to that.
 But a customer's email address is different and.
 Having that context is really important have do you have you done any work in that space to develop and understand the context of the data that's being used could you.
 I heard you mentioned early on you were talking about using AI models and potentially using like language models for for this so I'd love to hear kind of how you guys are thinking about innovating or how you're actively innovating in that space to it.
 Yeah so one of the biggest things is really understanding so for every organization when I've you know looked to build data classification standards for them is really understanding what do you have a record of processing inventory that can take a look at.
 What I encourage folks to do if especially obviously there are times where we have to do some of these like an agile method.
 But typically the first thing is really to identify what your different processing activities are and make sure that those are very clearly outlined.
 Because then it allows you to understand what the risk of each of these processing activities could pose on the different types of data.
 Obviously there are changes always constantly happening in the environment which also means that you must be updating your inventory to you know.
 Your inventory based on the new use cases of data and so part of that is ensuring that you do not just have the use cases of data but what we've done also is map the processing activities to the data types.
 So that's an exercise that we've done and so when we map the processing activity to data types it allows us to also see what systems are storing this data what systems are processing this data.
 Obviously if we're going to be using automated means AI means for example to process some of that information.
 Then that automatically requires you know high level of sensitivity use cases there or it poses a high level of risk if we're going to be using automated systems AI systems.
 Now in terms of how we use AI to implement some of those part of what we've also done especially where we have legacy products is to use AI to also assess what are the most common use cases of these type of data in certain environments.
 And so it's allowed us to pull certain types of data that can also allow us to proactively evaluate risk based of the data processing activities.
 So that's mostly what we've used so it's really tracking the pattern of how data has been used in certain environments and most times it's really just about making sure we're caught up with the processing inventory and making sure that we're mapping data to those to evaluate what types of sensitivity.
 I'm sensitive to levels might be impacted there.
 Yeah, I like tying it to the processing activities out. To be frank I think that's something we really under invested in is really understanding how data is being collected.
 I think we've taken a very data platform data at rest approach.
 Looking at the data that's landed, what is it? Where is it? What controls do we have around it? What is the retention?
 And I'd like us to be moving much more in this direction toward a risk based.
 We're focused on driving down the exposure of this type of data because of the risks that it poses in the ways that it's being used.
 So yeah, I think that's that's that's that's much more mature approach than I'd like us to be to be working toward.
 Yeah, did you have some other?
 Yeah, so I know you talked about also adding meta tags to data.
 Another thing that we've also done from a technical perspective in order to implement things like purpose limitation.
 As what I've implemented for organizations using AI tools is tag in customer consent preferences to data.
 And using that to classify data. So again, it really boils down to what the goal of the data classification methodology is.
 And if we're talking about mainly meeting certain requirements.
 I've seen cases where we've had to take meta tags based off of consent preferences.
 And then use that to classify data within a system to ensure that the way that the data is processed within that environment is in line with the consent requirements or consent mechanisms.
 We've also had processes where we've had data based off of the regulatory outcomes that data is specifically meant to be subject to.
 So for example, I've seen cases where now the reality, the practicality of what I've seen when I've let teams is that many warehouses, data warehouses or databases are not built to segment data based off of locations and based off of you know like where you know what's
 in the video or has the data but sometimes what we use meta tags to do is to be able to tag different types of data in certain cases based off of the location of that data.
 In fact, I've been in environments where we've had to tag true-drained data or what you would call from a GDPR perspective vulnerable individual data.
 And so you just put those type of data tags there and what that does is that it also allows you to do like it's temporary segmentation of data.
 So for example, if you're going to be doing audit for example, when you easily tag your data, you can do a sample set based off of the tag that you've placed on data.
 So when you're doing an audit for example, where the audit is only scope towards the United States and your system contains all of these data.
 When you've tagged your data accordingly to show that this type of data is a European data set for example.
 It's easy to do a query and then do a sample size set of those so that you can easily do that because I've seen cases where there would be scope creep when folks are doing audits and sometimes the European data gets into the mix and all of that.
 So it's important to also think about your meta tags in a way that allows you meet regulatory requirements, but even so almost for operational outcomes.
 Where you have things like have these customers consented to marketing, have these customers consented to the use of their data for profiling or AI automation.
 And so those tags have helped to implement things like purpose limitation across board.
 And you also have tags from a security perspective like DLP tools that just really allows you to flag different types of sensitive data from, you know, a regulatory start going in.
 I know you're familiar with the studio grammar like financial data and all the things making sure that those are properly tagged so that you can segment data and implement those data classification measures appropriately.
 Yes, thank you, I just take it so that it's here.
 Yeah, so part of, you know, there's a privacy specific way of looking at this, which is mostly around individual personal information.
 The harms that that could cause associating classification with those harms and purposes to make sure that we're minimizing the risk to individuals.
 But there's also this other type of sensitive data at the organization that is not necessarily personal and not necessarily regulated, but it's exposure could cause real harm to the business.
 How do you incorporate things like that into an overall data classification framework?
 And so that roles and large scale automation can help with both sides of that question.
 Right, practically speaking, I've seen different opportunities.
 So one of the opportunities that we've taken when I lead some of these data classification projects is to keep them separate.
 Where we have separate data classification, you know, models specifically for operational use cases, especially where there are lots of conflicting requirements in certain cases.
 But then also, I've seen cases where we incorporate votes together.
 And so part of what we do in order to incorporate votes together is to see where they are shared sensitivity levels.
 So what do I mean by that? So there are certain types of data that from a regulatory standpoint are obviously sensitive and from an internal standpoint, they are obviously sensitive.
 So customer information in an environment like our customer looking details, you know, customer information, email address, these those from a security standpoint, you want to keep that because you don't want the data to be exposed from a privacy standpoint that's also important.
 And the could also be cases where from an internal standpoint, something couldn't necessarily be sensitive. So I'll give you an example.
 Behavioral data, for example. Now in the world of from an operational perspective, you need behavioral data to drive certain marketing outcomes.
 And so those types of data, for example, you may not want to encrypt.
 From a data privacy perspective, do behavioral data is considered from CPI's sensitive information.
 And typically when you classify something as sensitive information, you then want to protect that data.
 So the goal is thinking about number one, how do we want to store the data in a way that we may have shared controls for that specific data.
 So if we think about behavioral data, for example, at their ways that we can anonymize or pseudonymize or whatever type of D, what you call this association of that data that we could perform in order to reduce its level of sensitivity.
 So that the security, the engineering teams or the teams that are driving these innovation have enough flexibility to use that data to drive for the outcomes there.
 And then from a data privacy standpoint, we've anonymized or pseudonymized the data.
 So it's reduced as level of sensitivity to the degree where, from a GDPR standpoint, for example, we are allowed to use those types of data without imposing any significant risk in the environment.
 Yeah.
 Yeah. That's where we've had some alignment on these things as historically our classification was, if it was PI, you had this way of classifying the data.
 If it was not PI, then we had this more generic, like is it, you know, confidential internal restricted kind of standard classification levels.
 But I don't, the company and people don't think of PI non-PI, they just think about data.
 And like, is it risky? Is it not? Is it sensitive? Is it not? Is it, do I need to encrypt it? Do I not? Do I need to control access or not? Can I keep it forever or not?
 Like, those are all of those kind of capability or kind of controls.
 And we're trying to come up with a new framework that will align better across all the different types of data.
 Like you said, I think the shared sensitivity levels makes a lot of sense to me so that, no matter if it's identifiable and sensitive or if it's just really important business documents, both could have the same level of control requirements around them and keeping it simple that way.
 Okay, so we're at 30 minutes, we have 15 minutes left. I do want to make sure to give you time at the end to ask me some questions.
 So I wanted to jump into one more question and then we'll see how long that takes and then we'll go to integrations for me.
 So Netflix is moving away from like paid membership only and moving toward more ad-based revenue and other ways of monetizing users and monetizing our platform.
 So especially at, as is the biggest business initiative that we have right now, improving our ability to target and advertise to users.
 So I'm curious from your perspective, what are some of the emergent risks that you think would come with that type of decision.
 So as the business moves that way, what are some of the risks that you think we may be seeing for the first time or things that we should be focusing on at this stage.
 Yeah, they're a couple that come to mind. The first one from my experience working with organizations that are, you know, involved in a lot of target advertising is sharing for the party data sharing.
 And the ability to monitor that is as a lot of work, especially when you're thinking about not just monitoring the sharing but also monitoring the workflows of these data outside of your environment.
 Which means that you also have to track what types of measures the third parties are putting in place to protect the data in accordance with how Netflix thinks about data protection mechanisms.
 The second one would be about driving for consent. Now, this is a big one because a lot of times consent preferences also change for time.
 And part of what I've seen with organizations is that you have a consent policy, you have a privacy policy that demonstrates that you are going to be collecting consent, but then the implementation of the consent at the back end is another, you know,
 challenge to solve by itself. And so obviously, I know that I use Netflix and I've been experiencing the act. So I see, you know, the consent requirements that Netflix provides for the question is, is Netflix effectuiting that.
 And then when there are changes in my consent preferences, for example, how fast can that be implemented.
 And the implementation workflow also back to the third party information, does it reflect? Is it communicated? Does it cascade to the third party environment as part of my consent mechanism requirements?
 So those are the two major risks that I would see, I can do it deeper dive for it, I'll post it to see.
 Yeah, I think those are spot on and it's the third party data sharing that's gotten me very busy lately trying to figure out how do we, how do we understand new types of data that we're collecting?
 Like I can look at the privacy policy and it'll tell me we're collecting this type of data.
 But if we're acquiring data from third parties to help us better, better match and identify our users because Netflix doesn't have a ton of detail about people.
 We, we only ask for email and we have some device identifiers and we'll even need your physical address a lot anymore except for billing. Could we not ship DVDs.
 But yeah, that's that's the trend is that we're going to be collecting more and more third party information and trying to create clean segmented ways of sharing and joining that data through clean rooms.
 And like how much how many assumptions and how much trust can we put in these third parties that we are going to be delivering data to and how much do we need to control that through contractual requirement versus security requirements, etc.
 Is that something you've worked on at meta or anywhere else?
 Specifically, it sounds like you definitely have some experience that I'd love to know more about if you've worked in like ads and third party data sharing controls.
 Yeah, so part of the work that I've done with ads and data sharing is really like when you think about third party sharing, we had something that meta where we call the in and out mechanism.
 So like you are currently describing, so there is the process where we're receiving data from third parties and also where we're also sharing data we took parties and so controls need to be put in place on both sides.
 But part of it is making sure that number one we established our contractual requirements incorporating privacy from the start.
 I've seen many times where a lot of organizations have established contractual requirements and privacy is brought in after the fact.
 And so thinking about privacy by design during that contract, you know, the contract signing process.
 And then also making sure that the right stakeholders are in the room to inform what types of processes and practices we want to put in place to make sure that the data that we're transferring or the data that we're collecting is put in place.
 A big part of data advertising by the way, as I've worked for some of, I've done a lot of working that space when I was in the world consult is data retention.
 So one of the biggest things about like third party sharing is when you collect all these pieces of data and you're using them for ads and then in the process some customers have left, you know, I no longer use in the services.
 Some customers have also requested from a data subject right perspective for their data to be deleted.
 Now you have to perpetuate those deletion requirements across board, which also means that you have to talk to your third parties to delete those types of data and usually that's a hassle to cross many times is what I've seen from my experience.
 And part of what that just means is making sure that everyone is on board around the contractual requirements from privacy perspective number two, making sure your SLAs are clear from a data subject right perspective, especially with your third parties.
 And so what that means is that especially when you have deletion request or you have request to modify data or even request for their data itself.
 You have to be able to provide that within a certain amount of time, which also means that your third parties that you are sharing that data we must be able to supply that data to the customers at the SLAs, you know, within the SLAs that you've agreed upon.
 So it's there there are a lot of things and the biggest one I've seen is really just like retention also ensuring consent is you know and making sure that the consent information contains all of the use cases very clear and transparent.
 So it degree where the customer is informed enough to provide more recall informed consent.
 You know I've seen a lot of times but again it boils down to your record of processing activity how you're using that data where there could be some information on the left.
 Outside of the privacy policy and then the customer data finds that their data is being used in a certain way that was necessarily disclosed.
 So it's constantly making sure that there is transparency around how their data is processed and then you have a change management to drive your privacy policy, especially because when it comes to third party data and the ads environment.
 One of the things I've seen is that changes are core a lot, there are lots of changes so that's the biggest thing now.
 The final thing that I would mention that was a really big thing for us is implementing policies that would drive you know how we use data for ads, how we also transfer it data, but also how we collect data.
 So data minimization principle was one of the biggest things. So when individuals who we were sharing data for the purpose of advertising were asking for certain types of data.
 It was important to make sure every piece of element that they were asking for was matched with a specific data processing activity that we had agreed upon.
 And making sure that none of that was collected. And from a technical standpoint, we actually even implemented things like reviews for API calls to make sure that our third party is wearing collecting more information than, you know, we had agreed upon.
 And also in certain cases, we also provided data in sample sizes in beta pieces so that we weren't providing like a huge amount of data at once, but also ensuring we also had something that you were talking about clean rooms.
 Also, for example, bringing in folks together to make sure that people had like shared, you know, security, you know requirements, where when you're collecting all these data and people are doing profiling.
 There are centralized locations where we can be sure of the security implementations that are put in place to make sure that while you're profiling the data, you're using it for ads. All of those are being taken into consideration on the customer data is protected in all of that.
 So yeah.
 Thank you. Yeah. That's the type of, that's the space that we're in now is, is the business is defining over the next like five years. This is our, the plan, what we're trying to build for the ads business.
 And our team is looking at that and we're at the early design phase and it's our opportunity to build privacy in.
 So we're trying to figure out and prioritize what are the right investments there, what are the things that need to be done first.
 So in some ways we're at that like taxonomy stage like what is the, what is the shared taxonomy that we're going to use for all of this data that we're going to, we're going to be collecting.
 And then how do we automate the collection and use of that or a long term goal of actually implementing policies.
 And right now there's some discussion about what types of policies belong in the data protection room.
 Right, what are things that our, our team is accountable for ensuring are happening.
 And what are the controls that are more product business type controls that we just want to make sure the, you know, at one advertiser doesn't see another advertisers data or or some of those types of capabilities.
 Okay, so I, if you have five minutes left, let's let's let's jump into some questions from me.
 What questions do you have for me about Netflix, the role or anything or myself.
 Yeah, what would you say is one of the biggest needs of the team that you're on right now?
 I know you've mentioned the cocoa, but maybe there are like some primary ones that you would think about.
 So one is a, a, I would say the biggest thing we need right now is a, a vision.
 A well aligned vision for where we want to go as a function as an infrastructure as a, as a privacy pro as a data protection program.
 Something that we can align the rest of the business on and as, so we've recently had a big reward, we're now part of the security organization and the words data governance are getting thrown around and there's not really a data governance team.
 So different different groups do different parts of that and I think it's important for us to align with each one of those other areas that and the work that they're doing to create a clear vision for for the, for the team.
 And we're in that into an actual real real real roadmap that we can start executing against because I think we're a little bit reactive we're a little bit.
 We have a lot of dependencies on other teams that sometimes those things slip and then now we're not able to to make progress.
 So having that shared vision that all of us are working toward what really enable the teams that are building a lot of this infrastructure to do it the right way.
 So that more practically we we want to bring in a manager or a leader who can help us realize that create this vision and realize this vision and then help us resource the team accordingly.
 We are like I said we're only two people I and that is because we we've we've lost some people and we just haven't backfilled and so.
 I I think it's important for us to have that vision to say.
 Here's where we're going here's what our plan is and here's the types of people that we need to bring on and here's how we're going to leverage the existing people.
 And and then into and then to a very clear plan that the rest of the company can get behind.
 I I personally am working on the classification and discovery strategy so how do we.
 Discover what's out there figure out what data we're concerned about and then how do we leverage that information to apply policies and then what is that framework and that taxonomy so.
 The implementation of that is the long run right it's one thing to say here's here's the direction we want to go here's the framework we have.
 But really getting the business aligned around all of us working toward that share goal.
 That's been a little bit of the challenge I think like a lot of organizations you probably seem siloed work going on.
 When you lose leaders for a period of time I think you start to lose alignment between different areas of the business some kind of bringing back some of that alignment is important.
 So those are some of the biggest needs I think our team has and all of that to say our biggest need right now is probably prioritization.
 Like we have a very small team and we need to build out this team so there's a lot of work that goes into just building out a team.
 But what what areas should ours very small team be focused on right now and and to enable us to be successful because right now I feel to be frank I feel like I'm moving in a million directions a little bit instead of like any specific direction very far.
 And that's you know part of just the nature of having a being under resource but.
 Yeah, so I'd say those are some of the like larger needs of the team.
 That's what it makes sense I can actually resonate with that a lot in terms of vision and clarity of direction.
 Especially in an environment like Netflix where things move very fast you're scaling you're consistently innovating.
 And so there needs to be that clarity consistently communicated across board.
 So that's that's super helpful. I know we're on time here, but yeah.
 That was very clear overview of you know how to think about the team as a whole.
 Yeah, thank you. I have a couple minutes of the other questions that you want to ask.
 Oh, yeah, I had just one more question. I know that you had talked about your team that's the data protection team being the implementation team across board.
 Now implementation means different things in my head from a technical standpoint from a program at standpoint and I imagine there are teams that implement things from an infrastructure standpoint what.
 Peace of the implementation to you drive in terms of so specifically relative to controls like are you the ones implementing some of these controls are you the one design in them.
 You know testing them what does that look like from an implementation start for you.
 Good question.
 So we own so the app to go back in time a little bit like when we started we had no engineering and so we relied on like what can we get the data platform team to do we can give them a series of requirements and next quarter hopefully they'll be able to add classification metadata to the data catalog or add.
 You know, eword based detection or those kind of like one off things and over time we realize we don't want these platform teams having to build all these capabilities, especially when they're shared infrastructure.
 So let's put together a privacy infrastructure engineering team that can help build some of that shared infrastructure.
 We have we have a history of freedom and responsibility here at Netflix which you may have seen in some of the culture decks and mimos.
 Which means that a lot of people have chosen to do things on their own use different data platforms not necessarily use the ones that are paid roads.
 And so our job has become what are the highest leverage solutions that we can build that the organization can use to improve our ability to protect data.
 So that means we started with things like detection and classification understanding just being able to look at data where it is run it through detection library identify the types of things that are there identify the context.
 A lot of our investment has been in that space as well as the policy engine that drives a lot of the controls around that the policy engine was originally built by the data platform team to do some very specific but.
 And we've taken that over and we're making a more generic policy engine that can be used by multiple different data platforms and multiple different types of controls.
 And and I would say that so we own the implementation of high leverage shared capabilities that the business needs for data protection.
 That's and so we also own like how do we architect those things how do we design those things how do we prioritize the capabilities and the scope of of of these tools.
 We also then own.
 All of the assurance infrastructure like the data that we need to know how things are going if we're if we're over retaining data where is that where do we get that visibility if if if if if if if if data's.
 Exposed greater than should be based on our access policies how do we know that how do we instrument and build those types of alerts and reports.
 So we own that we have that we are the accountable team from that perspective that's our job to make sure that things are working right and.
 So in other ways that's that's the type of things that our team is responsible for implementing over time I think it will become more.
 More of the same like more but improving those capabilities so that they can take on more scope that they're more usable that they're more more integrated and as as we look at as we as we look at how the team is merging with the rest of security.
 Looking for opportunities to.
 Deplicate things or where you know things are systems are redundant or there's something that a new capability that can be leveraged by another team like we're classifying data and finding sensitive information.
 Maybe we should be incorporating that insurance and response team for you know for things that are overexposed that they can respond to our work for security team getting visibility into more employee data and where that's being stored.
 So so shared capabilities shared privacy and data protection capabilities as well as.
 The architecture and the design of those things and lastly we are also responsible the privacy infrastructure team is also responsible for.
 The data deletion.
 Work the data when a user asks for and sorry not the evolution but data subject access requests so we've also managed and built a pipeline that pulls all the data organizes it into.
 A file that can be shared with with users when they ask for their data.
 That was something that was when I got here that was manual it literally took almost a day per report for a person to produce it.
 And so it took a couple years to really to really automate all of that and now we have we have that capability owned by our team as well.
 Fantastic that's awesome.
 That's really great.
 Yeah and that was helpful and you know it's it's very interesting to see how all of the different pieces are moving right now especially from.
 Controls perspective and how you all have like moved from manual methods to like automation and all of that.
 Yeah very very exciting to hear thank you so much for breaking that down.
 You're welcome yeah that I would say like rapidly maturing where it matters.
 That's I'd that's the I like that for as I said that before but I like the way that sounds.
 I think that that's our probably more most important is to rapidly mature where it matters and like adds for example as a place where really matters right now and.
 So we're actively trying to mature in that space.
 Yeah.
 Well thank you to me this was great.
 I.
 That was all the questions I had for you if you don't have any other questions for me we can end it here and someone will follow up with you.
 Awesome.
 Thank you so much Scott.
 Nice to meet you.
 Thank you.
 It's great to meet you too.
 Bye.
 I know I understood this I called you behind you.
 It's like you want to be the manager.
 Show me what we got.
 Make I thank you Jesus.
 What do I say?
 Ah.


=== Netflix isnΓÇÖt with security manager ===
 question on the topic, which I'll explain, and then I will leave at least five minutes at the end
 if not empty more minutes than that for your questions of me. Like I said earlier, I'm
 yeah, no taking turn on, I'll also be taking some of my own notes to submit to augment that.
 And so if anything that I'm asking you is unclear, you'd like me to refresh, like please,
 you know feel free to do that rather than trying to answer a question that I'm not being clear about
 what I'm looking for, that's totally fine. And I will, you know, regardless of where
 I have more than I could ask than we were going to have time for. So I'll keep it on the clock
 and I'll kind of make a call about where to stop and it has nothing to do with how your answer
 and just trying to make sure I give enough time for your questions of me. Any like kind of questions or concerns
 on kind of general logistics? No, that's absolutely clear. Okay, great. So I will tell you a
 little bit about what this interview is and then I'll introduce myself. So the my role on this interview
 panel is kind of as a peer leader. So I managed and then an engineering team that is adjacent to this one.
 And Smith that has asked me to kind of talk about how you think about prioritization and how you
 think about risk management when it comes to figuring out what's important for the team to work on
 your approach to trade-offs, your approach to kind of making decisions where you can't do everything in
 once. It's like kind of the questions are very much around that and how you're kind of doing knowledge
 plays into those decisions and prioritizing and and kind of protecting the team's time appropriately
 while also delivering what you need to deliver for the business. So that's kind of the general
 just of the topic that we'll get into. Quickly about me, my name again is Minote. I've been at
 Netflix for a little over two and a half years. I managed a team in the I managed the infrastructure
 security kind of combination of teams and then I also directly managed one team there in that kind of has
 infrastructure security, kind of consultation responsibilities, kind of an expert team that does
 kind of a secure SDLC consultation with outside teams. So it's a team that is kind of an enable
 team. I guess you can call it. My background is combination of security and privacy and both leading
 engineering teams, but also having been like a technical program manager or a product management for
 a little while. But it's always been in the general domain of security and privacy.
 Like I said, I do work remotely from the San Diego area, happy to talk about how to
 that manifests in leadership and just a raw culture at Netflix to quickly people are interested to hear
 about that. And at least if there's anything else on the intro, I think that's probably good. I'd like
 to ask you, give you an opportunity to introduce yourself and tell me what's interesting to you about
 this role like what brings you here today and to this role into Netflix. Of course, thank you.
 So I think we have very, we have a bit of similar, you know, background. So my background is an
 engineering as well. I started my career as a network engineer. I also started my career early managing
 engineering teams. So I was working for an intern and service provider company and then moved on to
 compliance where I've been focused on the past seven to eight years on security and data privacy.
 So a lot of my work has been centered around helping companies build their data privacy programs from scratch
 and also leading teams to implement data privacy programs, risk management programs. And right now,
 at the data versus solutions, I manage a team of 50 plus people where we implement AI automated
 compliance at scale for organizations. So yeah, I've been one of the things that makes me really excited about
 you know, this role is number one for Netflix. I like the innovative side of Netflix. I've always
 loved to hear the story about how Netflix evolved from just like the, you know, the very popular CD stories
 to where the current ER today and where they continue to evolve to in terms of their product and
 how they are treating their customers. And so that's something that's very exciting to me. I want to
 work in an environment that's very innovative. And then secondly, as the environment is innovating,
 I'm a very cognizant of how compliance also has to meet up the pace of innovation in terms of all
 of the regulatory changes that come with the different innovative activities going on. And so I'm excited about
 implementing compliance in a way that it's not a root block to innovation. But it's actually
 an enabler of innovation in environments like Netflix. So yeah, those are right.
 I got it cool. Thank you. I appreciate that. Yeah, the background has some similarities to my own as
 well. And I'm glad that you're excited about the opportunity here and have given it some thought
 it's definitely an interesting place to do security and privacy. That's for sure. So I want to
 ask you some some questions about your experiences in the space. So I want you to, and some of these
 questions will be more like theoretical, like how do you do a certain thing? And some of them will be more like
 describe a time when. Let's try to get some examples. So I'll try to be clear about that. So
 I want to start by asking about for you to describe a time to think about a time when
 your team was faced with multiple high priority initiatives in the privacy data protection space.
 And you know you have limited resources people in time to work with. How did you decide what to prioritize
 and what kind of tradeoffs did you make when coming up with that prioritization? Yeah, absolutely.
 I can think of one time where we were building our controls framework at Meta. I was
 leading the team to build our controls framework and the controls framework typically comprises of
 implementing different types of priority-ticed controls. As a result of our regulatory requirements and
 as a result of just operational requirement. And so typically what I've been, what I did in that
 particular scenario was to implement a risk assessment that allowed those to evaluate
 what types of risks we were up against if we implemented something versus if we did not.
 And evaluating the likelihood and the impact of those. And so it allowed us to be able to prioritize
 out of the controls which once we wanted to implement across board. And also I like to call something
 and you probably can relate to this. But I say something with my I discussed something in my team
 that sometimes prioritization is not just about putting something on the backboard and it's also about
 load balancing. So how can we do things concurrently where we may want to implement things in
 a faced approach instead of having one thing go down. So in that particular scenario we had two priority
 risks that had to do with number one access controls which obviously had a regulatory impact and also
 had an operational impact. And we also had to implement some of our record of processing activities
 within certain environments. So the approach was just to evaluate what was the which part of which
 of these two implementations need to be done from just like an urgency perspective. And so we had an
 imminent audit coming. So we had to implement the access control because the audit was going to
 be focused on access controls. And so we prioritized that during that time while also making sure
 that we implemented a faced approach for a you know record of processing activity inventory.
 Got it. Got it. Thank you. And then like the kind of a you know similar theme to that is that you know
 oftentimes when you're thinking about tradeoffs and balancing that workload you'll also have to
 deal with urgent work or reactive work that is timely needs to be addressed in a timely way like maybe
 it's something compliance related or there's incident response. How do you think about or balance
 the need for those types of activities which seem to require you to drop everything with proactive
 or strategic investments in privacy and data production? Right. So that same example was actually a good
 illustration for this because while we were looking to implement processes for access controls we
 had an incident that was reported at the time that a couple of our sensitive data within the
 people organization was likely exposed. Now we didn't have any specific bridge recorded. It was just an
 incident to show that there were several people who had access to certain database that had sensitive
 information and we had to immediately implement action and steps to make sure that that you know the
 access you know that was provided was somehow you know resolved. And so in that particular case what we
 didn't need it to do was to think about short-term fixes before thinking about the long-term fix. So for that
 specific you know issue I remember that what we had to do in the long-term was to implement policy
 and other processes but in the short-term we really just implemented an automated function to evaluate
 everyone who's having access to that data and validate in the business needs and also just like a young
 can everyone who didn't have a specific business need for that data and then making sure only people
 had a specific business for that data were able to get access and then in the meantime also we implemented
 ways for to get check access requirements to that specific data while we were working on the back
 into make sure that we're getting those long-term fixes like the policies and procedure of the procedure
 or work to fix the access control situation. Right and then in those kind of cases like when you're
 making those trade-off decisions because you know that the urgent stuff can distract or cause delay
 for the proactive work like how are you communicating around that or setting reasonable expectations
 when you're making those trade-offs between one another. Yeah so what we did was we had initially
 defined our roadmap and that was very clear so we communicated the roadmap to the leadership to make
 other lines. The good news or part of what allowed us to be able to achieve some of these things and then
 more defined manner was some of the short fixes had overlaps with the long fixes and so at the end
 of the day what we were looking to get you know to achieve was to be able to make sure that we had the
 minimum amount of folks having access to that data with valid business reasons. Now on a long-term
 ship we wanted to make sure that those valid business reasons were clearly defined and the short-term
 we couldn't clearly define some of those it was really just very temporary definition of just like a
 very short-scope small-scope of what we call business needs. So basically if I could talk about what
 the trade-off was it was really just like having it temporary list of what we defined as business needs
 or valid business needs that weren't exactly as robust as we would have wanted them to be but at the end
 of the day those primary or short-term fixes of what we had in refer to as valid business needs
 firm foundation of what we ended up using as our permanent or if you wanted to call it
 more structured business needs that we ended up using at the end of the day as part of the long-term
 policy. So when you're thinking about setting you know maybe quarterly or annual priorities
 you're doing planning for your team kind of more in that proactive work slate. How do you
 how do you communicate what those plans are? How do you adjust those plans or priorities as business needs
 you're changing? Like what's your what is your your kind of workflow for for doing that?
 Right and are you referring to like when we're structuring like what are goals and objectives or
 what's structuring for your specific program or project? What do you make for the team's goals?
 Okay. Like the goals and objectives. Yeah. So typically for the team's goals and objectives I usually
 like to anchor them on two pillars. So number one because you know it's compliance it's the regulatory
 pillar and number two it's the operational pillar. Now the operational pillar is what really you know
 and compresses what our commitment to the customers are, know what the business needs are
 and also what allows for oppression or effectiveness in terms of you know activities that overlap with
 compliance and then from a regulatory standpoint is really thinking about what types of audits are we likely
 to have and what types of regulatory implementation do we need to put in place to make sure we're
 defensible and then also aligning that with the needs of leadership because some of those have to
 also be like and then one of the things that's very important that I've seen is making sure we're
 learning that's our stakeholder needs because I've seen situations whereby stakeholders are requiring
 things from us to make sure that they're able to you know operate on their end as well. Now once we get that
 done the way that we prioritize that is based off of the risk again I go back to risk all the time we always
 use the risk assessment and so the risk allows us to understand our areas of exposure and our areas
 of high impact that we need to you know prioritize and work on first and then we do that but what I should
 say is that one good thing about risk that I like is that it also accommodates for change because the
 good thing about risk is that risk does not just look at impact it looks at the likelihood and so part of
 what we do when we're doing risk assessment is not just assessing what current state looks like but it's
 also preempting what could change as we go through these programs so for example whenever we're doing
 implementation based off of regulatory impact we do have lawyers that we integrate with and socialize
 with that let us know like hey I can give you an example so there was a time where I was working at the
 people team at meta and at the time people data wasn't necessarily high risk from a GDPR standpoint but
 prior to that time we weren't talking to our lawyers from Europe and they started to give us signals
 that the European authority were beginning to put some you know microscope microscopic effect on people data and
 so we had to start focusing on building our privacy program around that and they were actually the right
 because a year later we did get some sort sort of signal that they were going to have we're going to have
 audits on people data and then all the regulatory you know like requirements that came after that
 like the AI law in New York for example that was specifically targeted towards people data so those types
 of signals allows us to be able to proactively put things in place so that when changes like that coming
 we don't we're not necessarily like impacted greatly by those you know changes so the whole idea of
 risk assessment is to implement you know programs for me very robust landscape where we're thinking
 about current state we're thinking about future state and we're also thinking about how to people
 when other changes got it got it thank you and then I'm going towards you know sort of the
 like active trade-offs that you're making like sometimes we have to let something burn so to speak
 where you know there's something we have to make an intentional decision to you know accept risk or let
 something kind of let something go because it's the right thing to do for the business can you describe
 a situation where you let privacy or data protection and or security risk kind of like burn and
 not address it because it was the right call and how did you come to that determination like what did you
 consider to let that risk burn and then how did you communicate about that to stakeholders?
 Yeah absolutely so I would say like when it comes to just using your words again which I like like
 letting risk burn I think about that as a time-based approach of risk acceptance so I can give an
 example but the way that I've implemented risk acceptance and time pass is that there is no way to
 really just say we accept the risk forever because things change and so you have to go re-value it and
 see if this is risk that you want to continue accepting on a long-term basis so one example of that is
 I remember when I was at Deloitte and we were conducting the FTC audit for Meta the initial scope was
 data on prem we were supposed to audit data specifically for data that was on the Meta infrastructure however
 as the audit began to happen the scope was expanded beyond the Meta infrastructure and they were now
 asking for us to go audit data in the cloud environment now when we got into when we started to
 evaluate cloud I mean data in the cloud environment we realized that there was high data sensitivity
 for data stored in the cloud now but we didn't have enough controls in place at the time that we
 would allow us to present ourselves in a defensive manner to the auditors and so we had to take a very
 high you know obviously we started taking the prioritization approach and part of what we did in
 those times was to think about how do we restructural our data sensitivity module that would allow us to
 accommodate sensitive data in a way that we were able to run sensitive data differently and provide ways
 to the assessors on how we're protecting that data now on the other hand we didn't have enough time
 and resources to be able to implement data protection requirements based off of the time limit that we're
 having to complete that audit and so that was risk that we were willing to accept however
 what we did was we did a time frame and so internally what we decided was that if the
 when the assessors were beginning to look into our environment we decided to use a sample based approach
 and show the areas of our environment where we had secure controls and then if we were probed
 on the data that we didn't necessarily have controls over we would present them with a roadmap
 on what we were deciding to do I'll be we hadn't you know implemented anything at that time so that was
 risk that we're willing to accept in the meanwhile while we were focusing on just preparing all of the
 you know auditing formation for data that was already covered data that was already protected
 but I think that was a big risk for us because I remember that the cloud environment was a very high target
 area for the auditors and we were willing to just go with whatever we have without implementing additional
 resources for making sure that we had a roadmap approach to present to them to show
 defensibility again because compliance is not always about full compliance is always this all you could
 be about defensibility how are we doing something to make sure that we're defensible for the future.
 Thank you and it's actually kind of related to a follow-up question which is
 you mentioned compliance like how do you ensure that you are team maintain a kind of a pragmatic approach
 to risk rather than an approach that's up around purely theoretical risks or only compliance driven risks
 like how do you make sure the team is is kind of pragmatic and irreproach. Yeah so when you see
 pragmatic you're saying that our team is not just thinking about risk from a regulatory standpoint
 but they're thinking about other categories of risks that would impact. Yeah well it's both
 it's like yeah that they're not just purely looking at compliance or they're not purely looking at like
 theoretical risk meaning like you know like anything is possible but you know like you can't obviously
 reduce all risk so how do you make sure that they you know pragmatic meaning it's sort of like a you know
 it's like a approachable or it's achievable or that it's you know sized correctly. Oh yeah that makes sense
 so really so yeah absolutely so part of what we do with that is data and legacy information so whenever we
 have whenever we're implementing and I I actually get that because part of risk assessment is what
 would be produced that's part of that is some false negatives where we and I've seen that where
 you go to teams and you're doing all this risk evaluation and they tell you this risk it sounds great
 on paper but it's not likely to happen here. Now but I've seen also with experience that sometimes people say
 that but risk is risk no matter how you put it but part of what allows us to take a pragmatic approach to
 risk is evaluating past it if we identify a risk does this risk map to any risk that has a
 core in time passed or does this risk you know map with any risk that has showed up in the organization at
 any level so that allows us to be able to put some credence to the finding that we've had another one
 is when we think about the risk perspective to the industry or the market or even the context during
 that period how does that risk align with the context with the market and the industry and even just
 environmental factors that are happening and then we also make sure that we collaborate with stakeholders all
 of our different stakeholders so whenever we identify a risk that have overlaps for example with the
 security team engineering team legal teams the data analytics people we bring them all together to provide
 some practicality not just even the risk but how we're measuring the risk in terms of the impact
 and the likelihood so that's how I would say we take a pragmatic approach I hope that answers a question
 and I'm happy to dive if you want more. Yeah yeah thank you thank you it's it's addressing what I was asking
 so thank you and then like you kind of touched on this a little bit when you're when you're communicating
 about risk to different kinds of stakeholders technical stakeholders not technical stakeholders
 what's your approach to to quantify risk and communicating about that risk to those different kinds
 of stakeholder groups yeah absolutely so the way that I think about risk especially because I have been in
 both environments I've walked heavy in you know the engineering environment and I've walked in the
 non-technical environment the best way that I've seen is to define risk based off of the language
 that folks are speaking in the environment the way that it's so in practical terms when I'm talking to
 technical teams I'm raising as a system level risk I'm helping them understand how the risk
 aligns with the systems or the infrastructure whether directly or indirectly and when I'm talking to
 non-technical teams I'm talking to them about process based risks or program based risk how does the
 risk impact your overall process your programs or whatever implementations you have you please and so when
 I'm talking about an access control risk for example I'm talking to the technical team in terms of
 your infrastructure and all of the different you know technology that needs to be in place and then when
 I'm talking to like a legal team and all of that I'm talking to them from a process standpoint
 and helping them understand how access risks can basically just you know
 displaced process in general so it's really speaking the language of the team but also helping the team
 understand risk in the lens of how they also think about risk in the environment and that's really
 having conversations with them about what types of risks exist in your own environment and it's
 possible for us to map because typically when you're doing all these risks assessment you typically
 want to have a risk register and so what I've done practically with my team is making sure that we're
 mapping the risk to some of the risks that these folks have identified in their environment so that when we're
 going to them what comments specifically the risks that they've identified are ready to what we're trying to
 track against got it got it thank you thank you and then like
 actually I don't need to that's that's all of the question thank you I think you covered it I want to
 switch gears to talk about like one other topic in the last few minutes here which is kind of like the
 activity of like running the team itself can you share with me in time where you've introduced some new
 operating rhythms into a team so like you know maybe it's around stand-ups or retrospectives or
 how you do planning where you introduce something new to the team in this way and you know you're trying
 to improve the way that the team worked and I'm curious about like what you tried what worked about it
 what didn't work about it and kind of the general reception from the team got it I know you gave the
 example of stand-ups but is it okay for me to give some sort of like technical example
 really to the work itself or do you want to think it's really just as long as so the point of
 the question is about like the actual like operating the team like you're trying something that has to do with
 like the teams the teams operations like how they deliver work yeah so I think one example and let me
 know if this example drives what you came from happy to give another example but this example is very
 important to me because it reset it's not it's not too long good time I was leading the risk management team
 and so at the time like meta we had two risk management teams there was a risk management team that's
 performing risk management for from a process and program standpoint so we value it in risk from a program
 standpoint and then there was another team that was evaluating and risk from a product standpoint
 so think about privacy reviews and so we had separate systems that we were using to track against these
 risk the only problem was that there were risks that were solving for programmatic there were controls
 that were solving for programmatic risk that had same time could solve for the product risk and so we had
 duplication of effort and these were two different systems and so we had to introduce a process for us to
 integrate both systems together and I remember when we first launched that system I remember it was
 lucky was during Christmas the whole the entirety of the risk management system for the product side just
 crashed like they weren't able to do anything or Christians were down and people were getting frustrated
 and all of that but obviously we're able to fix it but I think what was very important in terms of just like
 launching that integration exercise was to take a face to approach and so part of what the
 team needed to do what part of what had happened was it wasn't a fatal crash but part of it was that the
 teams didn't have understanding on how to use this new integration process and so what we had done
 and what had had recommended for the team at the time was for risk or controls that we used very
 let's not integrate that yet let's not put into the system let that stay on the system that you are
 familiar with so that allows your process to run quickly now for the risk that we know that we don't
 always or the controls that we don't always use regularly let's use that to pilot the integration process
 so that that gives you time to learn gives you time for office hours and then gives you time to kind of
 integrate your process yourself into the process and so I think that was super helpful because at the end of the
 day because we're focusing on just the specific controls that we're in necessarily being used
 it didn't impact time lines for their reviews and all of that and at the same time it allowed them to
 learn this work because the integration was a very important exercise that allowed us to be more
 efficient in how we're implementing controls thank you sorry I have to mute myself I had a cop there
 okay thank you so much and then one more question for you on the kind of this topic is
 about like decision making at the team level so how do you how do you foster
 kind of a culture of healthy decision making where you know people might have strong disagreements about
 what to do strong opinions about what to do and like everybody can be a part of like every decision
 so how do you foster sort of a healthy healthy environment or healthy culture around that
 on your team in this space yeah first of all I encourage disagreements I heard once from one of my
 mentors that when we are all in the room oh I'm so sorry I think something can't hear me okay
 so I heard once from my mentor that if we if everyone of us in the room are all agreeing
 on the same idea the same methodology then there's only one person needed to be in the room
 so I'm taking that and so I welcome that so the first thing is to really encourage that and make it
 something that's normal there's no so people kind of have the opportunity to see this agreement as something
 that's normal but if I could inject part of what the Netflix culture which I really like and it's
 overlaps with a lot of things that I've done in time passes the concept of this agreement then
 committing you can still disagree and then you can't commit and so what I do pragmatically
 when I have those types of situations on my team is that for every problem that we're trying to solve
 I know that there is a primary decision make up for that area either because that's the area of
 concentration or that's the area that they've been focused on for a long time or specifically that's
 an area that they might bring the most experiencing over time and we've seen that you know progress
 over time so that's part of how I evaluate the decision making but secondly also I also make sure that when
 we're providing when we're making decisions we anchor that on the business objectives and the business
 goals so but in summary on my team we don't have one decision maker there's nothing like one
 person is the decision maker for every single thing there are people who take you know are the primary decision
 makers and the secondary decision makers depending on the project depending on the area of concentration
 so that's how it's typically make sure but also making sure that everyone is heard it's a culture of
 openness it's a culture of diversity of thoughts being allowed on the team and just making sure that
 and I also give them to test because I've had situations whereby we made decisions and it was it
 didn't turn out like we wanted it to be and so the idea of decision making is that we don't
 stall on decision making we make decisions fast so that we can feel fast and then people to you know
 whatever secondary you know decision that we had put on the bench because we wanted to go for the primary
 one so that's how typically hopefully that answers the question I'm happy to provide the deep
 benefit it's needed yeah I know that's that's good thank you so much I want to pause this there
 because we have like seven or eight minutes left so that's a good that's a good sort of stopping point
 thank you for letting me ask you so many questions followed questions and and for your
 responses to them what can I enter for you about Netflix or the role I'll do my best for that
 and if I don't have the good answer for you I'll make sure it gets answered so so what is on your mind
 yeah absolutely thank you I have two questions for you I know that you had mentioned that part of the
 team that you were leading was the team that was involved with secure STLC reviews I
 think I may have heard something like that alright how does that process overlap with privacy reviews or like
 DPI is in risk assessment yeah it's a good question so it's not quite like a formal review process that
 my team undertake so it's not like there's like something that's kind of ready to go to production
 and then we're doing something that's like a formal review that decides like whether it can
 can pass like a gating function of something that's kind of ready to go it's more like a the team provides
 kind of an end to end consultation from design to implementation of a system of or of an ecosystem so
 it's like at the basically at the design phase where we're kind of part of the target team
 helping them do kind of secure design that being said with the there's many domains that might be
 interested in that kind of a conversation or consultation including privacy and so
 we expect because there's probably I don't know there's probably four or five teams in security that
 had some level of responsibility in this regard so we kind of we ask that like wherever the
 ingress point for these relationships start that those teams are aware of and are listening for
 domains that might be relevant and flag them I would say from like an operational perspective we're
 not like great at this yet but oftentimes the domains teams kind of they can kind of smell with
 what other domains are adjacent or they can flag things for adjacent teams say hey do you
 you know do you feel like you need to be deeply embedded on this or are you okay with kind of like
 you know reading the reading the output on the on the backside and just letting us know if you have any
 concerns because like every team can't be involved in every consultation so we try to identify like
 what the major areas of risk are and like who should have who should sort of take like the lead position on
 the consultation around the design of the system and you know we try to like over communicate
 between the teams about like what we care about from a risk domain perspective and be inclusive on it so
 but it's it's certainly like it's not like a let not very problematic and it's not very procedural right
 now and I think some of it is by design some of it should be made tighter in terms of like the customer
 experience like the customer is going to get advice across a number of domains and it would be better if they
 just kind of like we're able to say what does the security and privacy organization think about my project
 and then we can give them something that's like a little bit better wrapped in a bow for them but but
 you know where we're a little bit away from that and also my team's responsibility is to be
 sort of deeply engaged where it is a high resource intensive kind of high bandwidth
 but high value like consultation like you're locked at the hip with those target teams and and to the
 two and extent privacy does that as well they're just usually operating in domains that are slightly
 adjacent to generally the infrastructure itself. Got it that makes sense I think that's typically how like
 most teams start operating in a very like prioritized manner where you're really just providing those
 like signals where it's needed or where you're identifying high risk and then from time to time you
 can then build this truck short approach around just what you've seen over time as part of you know
 the risk that you're identifying from security standpoint. So that makes sense and for you you've used you
 mentioned that you've been at Netflix for two years it's a two and a half years. What part of the
 culture did it take you the most time to adopt or to adapt to? Good question I would say there's
 I think the biggest one would probably be the amount of freedom for judgments in every single role at
 every level of the organization I think it there's oftentimes the answer is to a question is
 I trust your judgment here like here's what I think but I trust your judgment and so you have to get
 comfortable with a lot of a responsibility and accountability being passed down to you and then I
 have to practice that with people on my team and it's not like I don't intrinsically trust people
 but the expectation is that you know we we hire people who are really responsible and really thoughtful
 and we give them a lot of latitude to operate it makes doing a really good security job somewhat hard
 but that's the that's the cultural that's like the value that we think that it like we think the
 autonomy provides like overwhelming value and so I would say it's probably like the biggest adjustment
 especially as like a people leader you have to also make people feel safe to use their own judgment
 because if you tell people you know user judgment I trust you that may be scary to them and so you have to
 you have to help them contextualize what it means to use their own judgment and why that's safe
 that makes sense and I can see how that could be scary at first because use your judgment come to the
 accountability as well for the outcomes of whatever it is so yeah that totally makes sense yeah that that was
 really helpful thank you for answering my questions yeah yeah for sure if there's anything else
 I can answer for you feel free to send them through the recruiting team I will get my notes in it's
 Friday it's before holiday week so I don't know what the schedule is through from the recruiting team
 it's getting back to folks but they're usually pretty fast regardless so if you if you if you want to check
 back in I'm sure they'll get you a timeline sounds good all right thank you so much you thank you
 thank you for the time take care bye


=== Netflix second interview with hiring manager ===
 So you're the second person I'm meeting with?
 Okay, how did that go?
 Yeah, our conversation was a very good conversation.
 He was very good to learn about how he's evolved with the culture,
 and it speaks in some of the activities that he's seen
 and how those overlap with the interpretation team.
 Yeah, so that was really helpful.
 Okay, and then you had talked to Scott as part of the technical interview, right?
 Correct.
 There's a couple weeks ago I believe, but yes, correct.
 Yes, I do speak with him.
 That's like the technical screen and then, you know,
 then you, I think that Chelsea or Will probably told you,
 like, now this is the actual, I guess.
 Yeah, yeah, that makes sense.
 Right, right.
 Yeah, that makes sense.
 And then Scott is one of the people that would be reporting to this role.
 So I like to have the, you know,
 at some point the people who are reporting to the role
 involved in the interview process.
 I feel like that's important.
 Yeah, so yeah.
 So I know we talked a lot about the management, you know, kind of your background before,
 but today I think you probably heard that like each of the interviews
 is kind of focused on the different areas.
 So this one will be more about management of leadership.
 Or as previously, I think it was kind of jumping all over the way.
 This is part of this screen.
 So I'll ask some questions and then if you know,
 we can talk about your questions at the end,
 but I will actually give you a chance right now, like if you have any,
 you know, questions right off the bat, like quickly,
 we can, like, I can address them and then start getting into my questions.
 Nothing of the bat.
 I'll save my questions once you're done.
 I did have a couple questions to ask people that those are,
 I think they would be kind of good to come after after our interview session.
 Yes.
 Okay, great.
 So one of the things I wanted to talk about is kind of direction for a team
 and guidance in terms of leading the team.
 So how do you deal with basically creating a culture shift
 on a team or trying to guide them in a different direction
 or change the way that they've been operating,
 if, you know, perhaps you're seeing any issues with the effectiveness of the team?
 Yeah, absolutely.
 So, do you want me to answer that question in terms of changing the culture
 from, like, from a programmatic standpoint or pushing out, like,
 and just take any direction?
 Any direction?
 I guess if you have examples of things that you have had to change in the past,
 that would be great.
 Fantastic.
 Okay.
 So when it comes to changing the direction of a team or just changing in general
 how the team does work, I think it's really making sure that there is transparency
 about the trigger for that change.
 And so when I get to the team, it's not just about introducing new change.
 I think it's important.
 I know that it's important to set the context for that change.
 And also bring them along with the change process
 and make sure that they're integrated to all of the different phases of that change.
 And also making sure that I preempt ahead of time the impact of the change
 but in alignment with how they're also thinking about the impact of the change.
 So I can give you an example that, you know, have happened.
 So I was leading a team that was performing risk management
 from a program at standpoint.
 So what they were doing was evaluating risk from an operational financial state approach,
 a very program process oriented.
 Our system was performing risk management from a product based standpoint.
 So they were evaluating products specifically.
 Now they were operating in two different systems.
 However, there was a need for us to integrate both systems
 because what we realized was that some of the controls that were solving for the process risk
 could also solve for the product risk.
 And so there was duplication of efforts.
 So we had to integrate both systems to make sure that we were in duplicating the controls
 but we also had to report the controls uniformly in case of audit.
 And so when we had initially introduced the systems,
 teams were very concerned because the system that they were using
 they were very familiar with and the integration process had to take a lot of learning
 because it was a system that meta had built in house at the time.
 And quite frankly, the internal technology wasn't the best
 from a user experience standpoint.
 And so part of that was really having a session with the team to talk about why we needed
 people to that specific approach and talking about what benefits it would allow us obtained.
 So needed to get their software in if you like.
 Not that it was necessary to push the process because we had a line that we needed to put together
 software to make sure that it felt comfortable with the process of the change.
 And then once we did that, we outlined what the approach of the change we looked like and we did the change in phases.
 So part of that practically speaking was, hey, what are the controls that you use on a regular basis?
 Maybe we don't need to integrate that with the current system yet so that your work doesn't slow down.
 And so we allowed them to maintain regular controls that they were using on a more regular basis on the current system.
 And then for the controls that they were in always operating as often as these other ones,
 we used that to test and pilot the process.
 So again, going back to my process is really number one, communicating the change, making sure they understand the trigger,
 making sure they understand the impact, making sure they understand the phases of that change.
 And then making sure that I get buying on work.
 So part of what the impact of that was slowed down work because of efficiency in terms of, you know, now looking at controls from another system.
 And then making sure that I got feedback.
 So I think for because for that specific change, there was an opportunity to pilot and test how to change was also going and getting feedback.
 So getting feedback and making sure that those feedback were incorporated back to the team that was implementing those tools and
 systems.
 It wasn't a smooth, there were days where the system just like faculty just like shut down.
 Because somebody was operating, you know, different parts of the system differently and all of that.
 But I think the lessons learned from that was that there was an opportunity to feel fast.
 So there were parts of the system that wasn't working.
 We were able to test that pilot and then revert to whatever would work for the team.
 And then just making sure that we took a faced approach so that the change was not approved.
 They had their ability to just like evolve into the change.
 I like the illustration that somebody likes to give is the illustration of like when you put, you know, an animal in water that's boiling immediately jumps out.
 But if you put in the water that's boiling, taking some time to boil, just adjust to the temperature and doesn't realize that the water is already boiling.
 So yeah, that's how I would describe that.
 That's more in the negative context.
 Yeah, yeah, forgive me for that example.
 That's just, yeah.
 Yeah, that's a good example.
 Okay.
 How have you dealt with kind of within the team?
 So let's just say like, you know, what you were describing there, like someone was just really pushing back.
 Even if you were trying to explain the objectives and they understood because they had been used to operating in a particular way.
 A lot of times people's reaction to change can be more emotional than the actual, you know, like if they, if everyone was thinking logically, it would be easier because then if we could just get to an agreement on what's the outcome here.
 And then logic will win out.
 But a lot of times this is a motion.
 So how did you, you know, either in that case or in another case, like deal with the situation where, you know, well-intentioned people were essentially just like in disagreement about the approach.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 So for that specific project we did have pushbacks for sure.
 I think the biggest, you know, trigger for the pushback was just operational.
 And that team was already swamped with the amount of reviews that they had to, you know, provide within a specific short period of time.
 And now introducing a new process, you know, presented a risk of, you know, reduced efficiency.
 And so part of that was just making sure that number one, I understood the concern.
 And where there were emotions, I helped people to navigate talking through their emotions from an impact perspective.
 So it's one thing.
 So I remember particularly there was a specific team member who was just like, hey, me, this is not going to work.
 Like we're not implementing something new, maybe in the next four years.
 This is exactly what he said to me.
 So I had to have, you know, a session we came and asked, like, what are your specific concerns?
 And it was the workload.
 You know, he wasn't able to iterate that immediately in the meeting.
 He just was saying no, but when I started out with him, he was thinking efficiency.
 And then at that time, there were a lot of like, you know, there were a lot of like uncertainty layers on all of that happening in better at the time.
 So people also tied the quality of their work to just the uncertainty at that time.
 And he was creating a lot of answers.
 And so part of that was just making sure that I was very understanding.
 And you know, I showed understanding an empathy on what that concern looked like.
 And I iterated clearly how that could even reduce the risk that he was concerned about further.
 So it was basically just saying, hey, right now you're trying to implement your own controls from scratch when you're doing these reviews.
 But if you were to integrate your process, it's going to be plug and play for you at least for the risk where we have overlapped controls.
 And so we really just did like a practical mapping and I told him, I said, let's book some time.
 You know, with all the other team members, let's look practical mapping of the controls that you would be able to implement.
 I mean, leverage versus the ones you had to implement from scratch.
 And think about how much time that saves you versus going through this process and implementing things from scratch.
 And I think that was helpful.
 Of the bat, we didn't identify like always specific amount of controls that really looked like, oh, tell me your process is much, much better.
 It was over time.
 As they began to implement like a wider variety of products, they started to see that there was a wider variety of controls that they could leverage.
 And so that allowed to build trust on the process over time.
 And we were able to implement that integration.
 Okay, yeah, that's good.
 I think the example is particularly interesting, particularly interesting to me because risk has been a big discussion with the data production team.
 And there is, it's been one of the questions in terms of kind of the prioritization of what it should be working on,
 which people are very excited about developing like in-depth risk models.
 And it might be, might not be necessary to have a denture.
 Yeah, I agree.
 Yeah, actually that kind of leads to another question I have in terms of,
 I know we had talked about kind of balancing risk versus like, you know, the business velocity and things like that.
 But how do you deal with like the prioritization of the work on it team?
 And what you should get them focused on because especially when I think you have bright people, there is often a desire to work on things that are more technically interesting or challenging.
 How do you kind of get the prioritization set based on, you know, the fact that you're going to be getting input from the team as to what they think is important.
 You're seeing, you know, what's going on in the business.
 How do you balance all that?
 Yeah, absolutely.
 So the first thing is, for my team, at the beginning of every quarter, we said very clear goals and objectives.
 In terms of three things, our regulatory requirements, our customer commitments and the business goals.
 Or if you want, if you like, you could say, operational effectiveness.
 And there's a lot of work that goes into that in terms of alignment with stakeholders, alignment with leadership and even alignment with the team.
 And so anything that's changing has to go through risk assessment process to evaluate what the impact of that change looks like and what the trigger of the change.
 That change looks like and what the trigger of the change means throughout current approach that we're taking.
 And so I've seen those types of cases where I would hear people on the team say, oh, I was talking to this stakeholder team and they said they would really need us to implement a retention policy tomorrow.
 And it's like, why do they need that? What's the trigger for that? What is the risk that would result if we weren't doing that now?
 Many of these things sound important at the time, but I always like to ground it back to what our set goals and objectives are.
 And making sure that we're not debating, but practically speaking, I've also seen cases where we may need to deviate a bit from what we have set as our goals and objectives.
 But our risk assessment allows us to be able to do that prioritization.
 So an example is where we've already set clear goals and objectives, and then we get a signal that we might be audited in a specific area.
 So that might be an area that we may want to bump up to, you know, prioritise for the purpose of being defensive on meeting our regulatory crimes.
 But ultimately, I make sure our folks are grounded on the set goals and objectives that we've built for the team.
 Have you done a lot of, okay, our planning in terms of, you know, your team and larger larger groups?
 Absolutely. And did you want me to do it deep dive on that?
 No, I'm more curious how to give them that, you know, the data protection or privacy is often kind of, there's a combination of being inputs into other teams where you're saying, like, okay, we would want you to do retention.
 But then there's also requests from other teams where they might be saying, we really need guidance for this new data warehouse we're building in terms of how we should actually architect it.
 How do you balance, how do you make sure that, like, you're getting the information out?
 And it might be more, you know, maybe you didn't have control because this was just how the company worked, but how did you kind of align those different objectives from groups to make sure that privacy and data protection?
 Was it addressing the business needs but also, like, you know, the risk and getting the communications out?
 Because it's, it can get quite complicated in terms of making all that all the stakeholders are informed.
 Yes, absolutely. So part of what we also do when I was at meta is typically our business goals and objectives go out to our key stakeholder group leaders.
 We don't, we don't sign up on that. So whenever we're making as a matter of fact, I've been a lot of, like, meetings, we have these stakeholder leaders come into the room to ensure that wherever they might need to incorporate something as part of our roadmap that we're incorporating that to make sure that we're taking care of them now.
 And to answer the question around, like, some, like, you know, fire fighting, you know, needs that might come. I've had, so I can give you an example.
 There was a time where we were already implementing controls for our environment, but then there was an incident that had a court where there was exposure of sensitive data in the people organization.
 And we had, like, thousands of users who had access to data that they shouldn't have never had access to.
 And so they reached our team that we need to develop a policy immediately to be able to cover for that.
 Now, what I usually do in, you know, in cases like that is just evaluating what is the urgency, how much resources we need, and how can we create a roadmap exercise for these in a way that allows us to provide short-term fixes versus long-term fixes.
 And so it's really understanding and in that particular case, we had an impending regulatory audit for access control. So it bumped it up to prioritization list. However, we couldn't implement overall access policy because it was a very short time.
 So we had to take bite-sized, you know, processes and procedures that we created for the teams to be able to adopt in the short-term where we worked on the long-term documentation.
 Okay, yeah. That's good. We've been going through it. Okay, our planning. So this wasn't actually on my list of questions.
 Yeah, and just adds to that up. Also seen where we're going through okay planning and our team may not have initially budgeted for what the stakeholders are asking for.
 And so in certain cases, it's really just making sure that we have like a trade-off approach where we're seeing,
 hey, we may not be able to accommodate it in this quarter, but the next quarter will be able to accommodate it for you all to make sure that you're feeling comfortable without approach.
 Yeah, yeah. How have you dealt or have you had situations where there's basically kind of a low morale on the team or lack of
 patients, I lack of motivation, but low morale. So I'll be, you know, very transparent. This this organization that I am leading
 was moved into the larger group of security privacy and assurance like six, seven months ago. So it was before I started. So there was a massive org change where this group was put into another group.
 So there's been some integration challenges there. And then in terms of that this group, my group as a whole,
 PDPE feeling like they were kind of swallowed up by a larger organization. To me, the reality is that privacy and security are so intertwined.
 Yeah, makes sense to me. So there's that aspect and then they haven't had a leader for a while. So I came in just a couple months ago, but, you know, for a number of months, they didn't have a director and then the group itself.
 And then there's, you know, two other managers that this role would be, you know, appear to, but on top of that, the data protection group has not had a leader. So, you know, they used to report to the director and the director was gone.
 They, you know, got reordered. So there's just been very little like management. So there has been employed there.
 And obviously as I've come in, I've been spending a lot of time with them, but, you know, the person who will be taking on this role, I hope and think that the morale has been improving, but there is really a lot of kind of.
 What is it?
 Almost like the team seems a little unmoored. So if you had to deal with situations where it's, you know, either through inheritance or because of org changes or having to basically kind of write a ship in terms of the motivation and morale.
 I will say people are still working hard, but you can see like, you know, it's taking some time for them to kind of get back into it.
 That makes sense. Yeah, yes. I've actually had a couple of those.
 One of the ones that I can share is at the time at Meta, they had been lots of reorg because of recent, that was actually as a result of Leo's.
 And so the Leo's came with a lot of reorgs where they were reorganizing teams.
 And I remember that my peer manager had given me that information ahead of time, like when you're coming to this team to lead the team, it's Lumarale.
 And I figured that out immediately, I joined the team, you could tell on the meetings.
 And to your point, like people were still doing work, but the Lumarale was low.
 First of all, it's really just like, for me, when I get on the team, I have one and one three people.
 I don't make assumptions about what the cause of Lumarale could look like.
 Because what I've realized, even though there might be a uniform situation happening, people that are responding to it in different ways, depending on what layers on top of the challenge at the time.
 I have one of ones with my team, to really understand, first of all, to reinforce their impact on that role.
 And tying it back to the organizational impact, to help them really see where, as a puzzle, they fit in the whole picture.
 Because I think that's one of the biggest needs of people to understand, am I still valuable on this role.
 And so there's an opportunity to reinforce that impact.
 And I do that basically by making sure that I understand what impact means for them, specifically.
 I understand what best work means for them.
 And really aligning to see if they're still in a place where they're still doing their best work.
 So they agree that they feel like they're making impact.
 And then numbers really anchor in the work in terms of how they're impacting the smaller team as well.
 But I think it's one thing to say, oh, like you're impacting the whole organization, it's like, yeah, understand that, but like how about this team.
 And so I think it's very important for people to know. And then, so after that, what I do on top of that is making sure that, especially I understand what you were talking about when you said people who have not had money chosen time pass, especially for some of the stronger personality.
 Once it's reinforcing that your autonomy still stays with you.
 I'm not coming here to still your autonomy away from you. In fact, I would be giving you more of that and allow you to get more exposure for what you need.
 And also reinforcing my commitment to the degree.
 I don't promise what I can't do, but to the degree that I've seen what I can do, reinforcing my commitment to helping them reach their career goals.
 And really just like, a line, what can I do to help you? And being a servant leader is really what it is.
 And making sure that over time. So what I've seen is what reinforces the morale is when people know that, you know what I'm still impactful for the organization.
 But for the team, I still maintain my autonomy number two and can I trust this person to be my manager, not just in terms of the work, but in terms of how they see me.
 So those are the different things. And these are the things that I had to do. I had to have one-on-ones with people on the team.
 Rain force, you know, the impact on the road, making sure it's still aligned with their career.
 And I had to actually shift people. I had to reach off for because of the reorganization.
 Some work had been prioritized already, or there were people that had to take work that they weren't really happy doing.
 So where the opportunities for us to bring other folks, because I also had to rehire on the team as well.
 So when I was rehiring, I was thinking about areas people had to support me about that wasn't necessarily their biggest strengths.
 And I had in mind to reshuffle the team so that the people that I was bringing would fill in those gaps and making sure that I enforce the autonomy portion of it to make sure they still have autonomy by their work.
 Yeah, that's great. I like that answer.
 In terms of the types of people that you've managed, where have they been in their career?
 Is it early career mid-career, late career, like, what's kind of the makeup of the groups that you've led?
 It's been different levels of career.
 When I first started leading as an engineering manager, I was leading people who were more like graduates from college.
 So that's how I started. I think that one was, it wasn't easier at the time because people were more ambitious.
 And so you could drive than people saw the world as they wanted to take over the world. So you could, you know, try.
 So as I moved across my career, I started to realize like I had to level set expectations.
 There were people who were at a point in their career where they felt like they were capped and they were comfortable where they were.
 So they weren't looking for additional action. So it was just making sure that they were stable.
 So I've had people who are in the process of just, you know, trying to start a family.
 I've also had people who are in the process of, like, actually even like, I forget what the word is, but like they were in the process of like, all their kids were no longer, you know, in the house, they ended up,
 Yeah, that's emptiness, that's exactly. So I've had those types as well.
 So what I've figured out throughout my process of managing people is really making sure that I'm aligning my expectations.
 Yeah, my growth expectations of them, with their own expectations of themselves and making sure that to the degree that they're doing good work.
 So it's not, it doesn't, the excellence or the quality of what doesn't have to be used because somebody's at a level of the career.
 But it's like making sure that I'm not driving people to the degree of growth that they aren't necessarily like trying to achieve.
 Maybe they are good doing the best work, but they're not trying to move to the next level.
 So there's different types of dynamics in terms of that.
 But also, I've also had the opportunity to do with people who've managed people in time, and now are now having to be managed.
 And so it's a different dynamic for that as well. But I learned to listen. That's the most important thing for me. I listen.
 And I actually ask people, how can I lead, what is your, how do we communicate from a leadership standpoint? How do you like to be led?
 Do you want more autonomy? Do you want, how just, you know, making sure that I'm aligned with them on my knee?
 Because my leadership style, while I'm causing transformation and transparency, I've had to just navigate the differences or the nuances across different folks that have managed.
 Okay. It's great.
 Yeah, and you answered the question I was going to ask in terms of, you know, when I was saying like, who, who, who, what kind of people have been managed?
 It was, you know, the follow-up question was going to be, and how do you adjust kind of coaching and management style?
 That's good.
 Have you had situations where, in terms of the management style, like, that you've struggled to figure out like what works for people?
 I mean, I quite frankly have.
 Oh yes, I've had, I've had that. I think, meet, meet career, one of the things that made me struggle in terms of, you know, what people wanted was also, sometimes, and this is not, you know, I think that people say they want certain things, but they might really want something else.
 So it's really getting people to really tell you what they really want.
 And so part of that part of navigating that is really just testing what type, because again, when it comes to leadership, I said to people, I lead people for their growth, but I also lead people for the growth of the business.
 So there's two aspects of that. So when I'm leading people, obviously for me, top of mind is growth of the business, and also it's important that as the business is growing, you know, as the objectives are being met, that the folks on the team are also growing.
 So I've seen situations where people feel like they are growing, but they might not feel like they can measure the impact of their growth, really tip to the business.
 I've also seen where people feel like, you know what, I think I'm doing great on the job, and I'm getting all this positive feedback, but career wise and not growing.
 And so it's sitting down with them to have that balanced effect of what can we be doing right now to make sure that you're experiencing growth on both angles.
 On the side where from a career standpoint, you're growing. So let me just give you an example.
 One of the team members on my team, complain at some point, they said that for them, they were looking to accelerate to people management rules.
 And that was their own career goal for that particular space and time. However, on the role that they were performing, they were doing great.
 They called us love them, they were doing excellent work, quality work, but from a career standpoint, they didn't feel like they were growing.
 And so these were things that if they had mentioned to me specifically, like, you know, sometimes you ask people, people say, oh, I just want to do great.
 They're not able to iterate like what does great mean for you. And so we had to sit down and begin to give them opportunity. So whenever, so practically speaking, whenever we had contingent workers on the team, I make sure that those contingent workers were reporting to them.
 So that they could start taking on that role of leadership, leading the contingent workers. And then when an opportunity for, you know, the growth at the time when there was an opportunity for them to be put forward as managers, you know, I put them forward.
 Although they had to move, you know, eventually they had to move to another team at the end of the day, but I was just very proud to see their growth.
 And to have them accelerate to that point where they were not just able to money, see their business, but on that team, on the system team, they were also able to manage folks as well.
 So yeah, that's what I would say, if I could just summarize that the challenge has been to just navigate how people are growing from their own personal career standpoint,
 and how their career is growing really deep to the business. So it's a very interesting path to navigate, but I think over time I've been able to get a group on that, just by clear communication with the teams.
 Yeah, I think it's been interesting for me being at, I was at a large company Disney for like 16 years where they were very, very upfront at times in terms of the career coaching, where they would say something to the effect of, you know,
 do not assume, just because you're doing a good job, you're going to get promoted. There has to be a need for that role.
 If everyone's not promoted for doing a good job, which they should do as part of the, you know, the very top of the organization, there's just not enough room.
 From there, I went into tech companies like Epic and here and I feel like because I think tech talent is, you know, often more in demand.
 There is just kind of, in terms of assumption of continuous growth, but in some roles, it is going to, like, unless I want to change the scope of the role, like, you know, at some point you do pop out.
 Right, that's absolutely fine.
 There's things that are challenging, right? Like I like what you're saying, because there's other opportunities for growth even if it's not, you know, title level.
 So it really is where, you know, getting towards the end is a lot or third of this, so leaving time for your questions, you said you had a few.
 I did, I did, I did, thank you. I'm curious. I know that we spoke the last time, but I'm also curious, especially with the net fixed culture of autonomy.
 I had, I had a couple questions on that. How, how has your leadership style changed or evolved over time, especially with this role that you've taken on?
 That is a great question, because it's one of the things that I have been adjusting to. So, so any new role that I have, so I've been months three.
 Any new role that I would have, I, you know, do what you are talking about, listen, get to know people understand what they're working on.
 I would say that now I have a general understanding, I have a detailed understanding on some projects, but not every project that is within the organization.
 And the thing that I have been adjusting, and I'm really trying to collaborate on, is what is the right level of autonomy, because I've also been talking to our partners and our partner teams, teams that we work with closely and getting feedback from them in terms of what's been going well, what's not been going well.
 And some of the things that I've been hearing, corroborate some of the feelings I've had, as I've seen the work of the team.
 And they have a concept here which has been somewhat reassuring to me that, you know, people have autonomy and, you know, there will be a leader, let's say on a project, which is called the informed captain.
 But there's also informed leader, so as an informed leader, it doesn't mean that you cannot, you know, kind of guide in the direction.
 So I'm actually trying to approach, so one of the things that I think I've been evaluating is because there's, there's some areas that I didn't think we were going in the right direction or there were things that I thought we needed to revamp.
 And so I wanted, you know, being, being new, I didn't want to say that immediately.
 And I think that would have been the case of whatever type of company I was at, even if it was, you know, a traditional bureaucratic company like Disney.
 I would have also, like, you know, taken my time to say, like, oh, what, what are we doing here, or we shouldn't be doing this.
 But, you know, I also, it was, it was, I took the time to kind of understand what was going on.
 And then question, like, okay, so like, why did we go this way in terms of our policies and guidance? And I got the background.
 And then, thankfully, this was one area that as I started asking more questions, finally it started coming out that people were like, yeah, we don't really agree with this, but this is the way that it was dark.
 I mean, I think I would have gotten there.
 But it was funny because as I was trying to learn about it, I just kept thinking, like, wow, if people really back this, I'm just going to have to overcome it.
 But I would say that in terms of adjusting my leadership style so far, I haven't had to because my honestly don't do.
 Because I'm learning. I always want to get them around.
 I think that I am going to have to adjust is that I have managed a lot of mate. I have managed large teams when they're matrixed.
 You know, where I am managing, I've had a number of direct reports and then we have we're partnering with engineering teams to build something and then I kind of have a matrix relationship with them.
 But that is different than actually managing them directly.
 And I have many more people in my department than I've had in the past.
 And so I think one of the things that I'm going to have to change in terms of my leadership style is just not being as aware of all the details.
 I don't, I can manage or at all, but I've always had a very good understanding of every like down to a pretty detailed level of what everyone on my team was doing because it was just a smaller team.
 It's just much easier to know when you only have six to ten people on the team what they're doing.
 Because, you know, I would have a few direct reports. They'd be telling me I'd have more regular check-ins with, you know, the skip levels and kind of here what's going on.
 And everyone, you know, this was pre-COVID. Everyone's collocated.
 He just kind of things when you walk out of your office and, you know, will join casual conversations.
 So here we are distributed.
 We are a larger team. There's just a lot of products that have a lot of tools that have been built, you know, over time.
 And I'm still learning about all that technology.
 And obviously I'm going to know what the team does, but I think that, you know, this is where it will be blind on the management team to much more in terms of making sure that we're all kind of traveling in the same direction.
 That makes sense. That makes a total sense.
 Yeah, it's always good to learn that the way you're thinking about something is how everyone's been thinking about it regardless of what the current state is.
 And so everyone's like, yeah, we've been thinking of it's just that this is how we've been doing things, but yeah, we're other lines, so that's great to hear.
 I know you have touched a bit on, like, what the folk, the person who's going to be on this role is going to be doing specific to, you know, like morale, especially with the changes and all of that.
 Are there any other like specific skills or like specific qualities that you would say that somebody who would take on this role should sort of arm themselves with to be successful?
 Yeah, so there's that management piece and the, you know, fostering like psychological safety is like, you know,
 terminology, but the other piece is basically problematic scalable guidance. So the team is very smart, but, you know, some of the approaches have been very academic.
 So they have again more of a, here's an idealist way of trying to, you know,
 do classifications, state of classification and it can be this, this is actually one of the, one of the things that was referring to when I saw how we did it, I was like, oh, okay, this is, you know,
 there's frameworks out there, and there's like three to five classification levels.
 I mean, this many classification, or that initial, so prep not,
 scalable guidance, really getting the business to better, sorry, getting the team to think about the business and I have been doing that's one of the things I liked about what you've said in, in a couple of, in both of our conversations.
 Um, getting them to see the value in terms of the business outcome and even though we might be addressing risk,
 trying to open up to see that how in addressing risk, it might help the business, so maybe we wouldn't be using the risk terminology.
 So retention, you mentioned earlier, maybe retention also helps, well, that looks right now, it doesn't care so much about cost, but at some point they will.
 So I think the same retention is helping with storage costs, more retention, helping with data quality because you're getting rid of, you know, old,
 stale data or retention is helping with performance.
 There could be now there may not be and it may just come down to like, okay, we have to delete the state of, you have to delete data because, you know,
 but, um, or even the brand, you know, protection. So I feel like a lot of times that the team has just been thinking about it from a risk perspective, which is fine.
 That's their job, but it hasn't resonated with the business and, you know, we have to make sure that we're partnering with the business.
 So, um, the management of like, you know, kind of, the morale, this pragmatic scalable guidance, thinking about the business, and then partnering with all our stakeholder teams that the team has tended to.
 And again, this was previous the way that they were supposed to operate, so I'm not faulting them, but they have been operating a little bit in a silo and so,
 and so, we're figuring out, how do we, you know, we were talking about these multiple processes that were, you know, for the risk analysis, like product versus, what was an operational.
 Yes.
 So, there are places in secure in the larger spot organization where security is doing something very similar to what we're doing.
 So, I would like better, you know, kind of collaboration and integration with the other teams, so that we can reduce, you know,
 do some processes, do some of the interactions we have with the business unit, and then also with the business units, because, you know, in terms of that, okay, our planning, we're talking about.
 I think that there has been a tendency of this team to just kind of dump their requirements, again, not faulting them, because I think that's just the way it was operating, but things have changed now,
 dumping the requirements to a different team, saying here, you guys have to do this, and then that team will say, yeah, we don't have the bandwidth, never mind.
 And I would like to get to a place of better relationships with the business where we're kind of discussing what makes sense.
 And as our list is never going to be addressed, but, you know, get to a place where we're thinking, like, okay, understood, but like here are the things that we would really want and, you know, understanding where they're coming from, so that at least, even if things are not being done, we under, you know, we know, like, people don't take it personally.
 Yeah, for sure, for sure, that makes sense. Well, that's really helpful. And that kind of tied to something I'd heard in my last interview where, you know, there was a team that was performing security reviews for STLC for, like, software development lifecycle, and part of what I really wanted to understand was, because I know there'll be overlaps between security reviews and privacy reviews and really just thinking about where those interactions are.
 That's helpful to hear your perspective on what leader on that team should be thinking about.
 Yeah, and, you know, there's another team within PDPE where they're called the titles are not very explicit.
 It's not like there's another called privacy engineering, they have a number of privacy engineers, and a lot of them do reviews, but I've been asking, I think that there's still a collaboration needed even internally within my group, you know, how should we templatize this process.
 We need to integrate with, you know, minorities team or whoever's team to, like, you know, kind of reduce the overlap.
 So, I think some of these things will have to be, you know, because there hasn't been a manager here, there hasn't been kind of those conversations of, like, where do some of these things belong.
 I view the data protection team as providing the policy, the guidance, you know, working with the two other teams to kind of get to either tooling with the privacy infrastructure engineering team or, you know, templatize processes approaches with the privacy engineering team.
 So, you know, that security privacy review is an example of that.
 That makes sense. That totally makes sense.
 Yeah. Any questions or?
 No, there's all the questions that I had. Thank you for answering them.
 Okay. Do you have more interviews today?
 Or, I have one more.
 Okay.
 Yes.
 Oh, okay. Is that, that's what you want?
 Yes, we do. Correct.
 That's that she is appear to this role.
 Okay.
 So, if on, if on reports to me.
 Okay.
 Here you got the breakdown on the interviews.
 Yes.
 So.
 Well, thank you very much, Ted. This has been great.
 Thank you so much.
 I appreciate your time.
 Thank you, Senator.
 All right. Take care. I hope you're Friday.
 You too. Thank you.
 Hi. Right.
 I wish you a great day.
 Ah.
 Okay.


=== Strava interview  2 ===
 Hello, good afternoon. Good morning, how are you? I'm doing well. Thank you, how are you?
 I'm doing all right. Anyway, how do I pronounce your name? I don't want to but you're at Timmy. Timmy.
 Yes, okay. I'm Sheethal. Nice to meet you, you know. So I, yeah, I just kind of, I think, do you just meet with Andrew? I did.
 Okay, cool. Hopefully that went well. This role like works super close to security as you probably.
 Okay. I already know. So yeah, so he's like one of the key stakeholders for you.
 Cool. Well, I'm Sheethal. I've seen your commercial council. I'm located in the Bay Area. I've been at Strava for almost three years now.
 And I work really closely with this role, you know, sort of from the perspective of like the commercial perspective.
 So like I often times will go to this person for, you know, advice on and their expertise on like privacy components and commercial agreements, partnerships, API,
 and stuff like that, just to kind of get, you know, as it as my like sort of partner in this and then also like as we're working through things like DPAs with key partners or vendors or things like that.
 This role is kind of responsible for that piece of the commercial agreement. So yeah, so that's kind of how I work with this role.
 Um, are you located in the Bay Area or I am? Oh, cool. Are you like, are you in the East Bay, San Francisco? I'm in Mountain View.
 Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm in the East Bay. So I was like a little bit like, you know, I'm biased.
 I lived in Mountain View like several jobs ago, uh, worked in, uh, Palo Alto at Pilsbury and then, um, a lived in Mountain View just because I've never, I'd never lived in that part of the Bay before.
 Yeah.
 Sorry. Oh, it was a, I was looking to ask if you liked it. Just, yeah.
 Well, like, empathy, um, but also like the thing that happened was I moved into this apartment complex.
 Um, not knowing that the apartment complex next door was getting renovated and built.
 So there was constant construction all year and I was like, yeah, I'm ready to leave.
 Yeah. And it's been done and and I also moved there right before COVID.
 So I got this, you know, small, one bedroom apartment with my partner thinking, oh, yeah, this will be fine because we've both got to work.
 And then we were sharing this apartment in COVID and I was like, all right.
 I've had, I've had, so I don't really feel like I experienced it.
 Very beautiful because it was an unusual time. Yeah. How long have you been in Mountain View?
 Um, it's coming up to a year and a couple days. I just moved to Mountain View actually.
 I still live in San Jose, but prior to that, I still live in Ashikago.
 Gotcha. Yeah.
 Wow. Shikago, that's, I know.
 I'm not really in Shikago. Did you grow up there?
 No. So I went to grad school, like group in Nigeria and from ages.
 Okay. Yes. Cool. Very cool. So you moved to a whole new country.
 Yep. Yeah. San years ago. Okay. Cool.
 So I have a few preset questions that I'm going to run through.
 And then once we get through those, you can kind of, we can just chat and you can ask me any questions that you have.
 I'm sure you have a lot of curiosity around the team and the role.
 So, uh, let's just dive in.
 Um, so the first question is, um, can you tell me about a time when you felt really strongly about a regulatory or compliance risk?
 So much so that you felt you had no choice but to escalate it.
 And I do realize there's, um, confidentiality issues. So if you need to admit names or general,
 make it as general as possible, an example would be really helpful.
 I appreciate that. When you say escalate, I want to make sure I understand it's that like escalates a leadership.
 Um, what do we all like, so I want to make sure I understand.
 Just something that came to you that you weren't, you couldn't make a call on because, um, you know, you were,
 maybe you were advising them and like, this was like, there was a red flag for you, right?
 Yeah, um, I can talk about, um, one that happened maybe a couple years ago where we, um,
 an issue was reported about, um, sensitive data, the potential of sensitive data leak.
 And so what had happened was people who were accessing that particular database were accessing it when they no longer needed to access it.
 So that included people that had changed roles and people that had even left the company at the time.
 Uh, still having still having active access.
 It may not have been accessing based off of the log, but it was exposed to them.
 And that situation was brought to my team at the time.
 I was leading our compliance program.
 And the first thing that I did was to evaluate like what the, you know, impact of the situation was an impact in the sense of like,
 how many users are we talking about here?
 And, um, what, what is the level of sensitivity of the data?
 So having done that, um, I then went ahead to talk to the team about, you know,
 some of the related risks that could happen. Like, you know, I mentioned at the beginning,
 it wasn't that the data was hard to anything yet. It was just exposed.
 And so we run a risk of that data being, you know, accessible to people who definitely didn't have, you know, need for that access.
 And so once I started to have that conversation with like the teams, the engineers around that,
 there were, you know, like, conversations around, oh, well, it's not prioritized right now.
 We don't want to do that, but from a risk and regulatory standpoint, I knew the impact of that.
 And so I had to escalate that to director level and escalating from the sense of allowing for prioritization.
 So the purpose of the escalation was to ensure that we prioritized the activity more than anything else.
 It was because again, the teams that I was doing, we didn't have a clear understanding of the impact of the situation.
 And so I had to escalate that to make sure that we were, you know, providing resources, you know, like,
 applicable, you know, implementation, you know, road maps to make sure that we're taking care of the situation.
 And so that's an example of a situation that I had to escalate.
 Because again, it would have been a quick fix where I would have just, like, applied our policy with these teams and say,
 hey, like, this is what we're supposed to do this conduct like, yeah, or the, but it wasn't flying,
 because teams were prioritizing that so I had to escalate to leadership.
 Gotcha.
 You know, that is, that is a tough decision to be put in.
 Sorry, I'm just taking notes.
 I hope you.
 Yeah.
 I'm looking at the screen on my cameras over here.
 Okay.
 So that sounds, that sounds like, yeah, pretty complex issue where it wasn't like, by the law,
 but then you had to, like, make sure that it got done.
 So I'm curious.
 In this example, and maybe any other examples that come to mind,
 can you describe your mental model for escalation?
 How do you, you know, how do you think about cross-functional stakeholders fitting in?
 And, you know, like, what you think about in terms of escalating?
 I know you mentioned that teams weren't prioritizing, so maybe you can touch on that.
 Yeah.
 If I'm, and let me know if I'm answering your question.
 If I'm not too free to just, like, jump in.
 When I think about my mental model for escalation, I always like to treat things for
 steel as a leader.
 I necessarily don't want to escalate things until they have two, especially because, like, for
 me, the way that I've built my compliance program, I've built them in a way that they can
 solve for problems easily.
 Right.
 And I've worked most of the companies that I've worked at, actually,
 bottoms up companies, where usually direction is expected from bottom up.
 And so you typically go to your leaders and say, this is what we've decided, and then they can't
 tell you a yes or no, but, like, it's typically don't look to leadership for direction.
 For the companies I've worked at.
 And so with that in mind, my usual mental model is, how can I solve this problem before escalating?
 And what I mean by that is, at their resources, it within my purview that would allow me to
 solve the problem at a cross-functional stakeholders that are built continuous partnership.
 We talk and give you an example.
 When I was working in a privacy work, we were dealing with lots and lots of, like, regulatory escalations,
 because we were in an audience, like an immediate audience.
 And what that meant was that we were getting requests almost every single day from the assessors
 to provide certain things or to showcase certain things.
 And so, as a result of that, there were obviously cases where, for example, you would expect that I would work with my leadership
 to get something done, but I also needed I had legal counsel that could provide me the right direction
 in terms of what can I be given out.
 And so, it's really like fostering what resources I have within my purview, not just like documentations,
 or even the people cross-functional stakeholders.
 So, at the time, we had a very strong leadership partner, it's legal, I'm sorry, not leadership.
 Legal partnership for that specific project.
 And so, legal was always on ground to tell us, like, hey, this is what you should be providing to the assessors
 from a legal standpoint.
 This is what, so I worked very closely with them to ensure that we were in escalating things
 and that only very high risk things that we collaborated on and that had agreed with legal,
 we escalated upwards.
 So, that's typically my, let me know if that answers your question.
 Yeah, that does.
 Are there any other, from your perspective, are there any other cross-functional stakeholders that, you know,
 you work with besides legal that you think are critical to, again, as part of this model and, like, your work?
 Oh, very much so, engineering is a very critical engineering and security, a very, very critical,
 especially because most of the organizations are that worked in a product-based.
 And the usually the situations involve data, use the data many times, and these teams are the ones that house the infrastructure.
 And if we're going to implement any, you know, like, requirements, we have to, I've had to work with these teams to implement those requirements.
 So, I specifically mentioned legal because usually when it's a regulatory issue, legal helps to define the scope of implementation.
 However, when it comes to the implementation piece of it, I work with the security team.
 Number one, one of the things I usually work with the security team is to ensure that we even think about the feasibility of the implementation of what we're asking to implement.
 There have been many times where, for example, in my previous rule, I've brought something from the legal team to the security team, and they're like, our systems don't work like that.
 We can't do encryption, for example, in this system, the wearing view to the encryption.
 So, working with them to see what are some of the compromises, not compromises in general, but what are some of the trade-offs is a better word that we can make to ensure that we're implementing something,
 and we're still meeting regulatory requirements, and also work very closely with engineering and product teams, that's what product managers.
 Working with them very closely to help them understand what are the regulatory impacts on their products.
 And yeah, so those are in the obviously like there's usually project managers, program managers that are usually, you know, like on-ground to support, and then one key team that we also work with is change management.
 So in terms of that work, we work with a very structured change management team to help us evaluate some of the changes that we might be making us a result of some of the discussions.
 Go for it.
 Cool, that's amazing.
 Okay, next question.
 Can you describe, like, and again, like, you can be as general as you want.
 Can you describe a time you're willing to take an uncomfortable regulatory or compliance risk?
 Yeah, where it was like, you know, you were clearly you would take a risk, but like, you didn't feel great about it, but like, you know, you had to do it.
 So typically, if I may add like a lot of the decision about making compliance risk usually doesn't lie, it's usually like very collaborative at the end of the day, so I can give an example.
 There was a project that I was working on, and this was also relative to the assessors and part of what they had requested for was that we showed them evidence of how certain systems were deleted in data.
 Now, the scope of that regulatory obligation itself was the US, however, the way our systems were structured, there was structured to, you know, take on data from like different locations.
 These systems were built before the FTC or the GDPR, so they weren't any segregation around like, oh Europe data succeed or like, every all the data was there.
 And so part of that was as we, you know, attended audit for implementation testing, they wanted us to be able to show within our systems, but the challenge with that was that we're going to be exposing data that was outside the regulatory scope to the assessors.
 In my mind, that was a regulatory risk because it opened up to, it potentially would open us up to regulatory scrutiny.
 However, we, I worked with the engineering team, for example, to think about what is the volume of the data that's outside of scope versus the volume of data that's inside of scope for the processes that were shared.
 And then, number two, are there any quick data segregation practices that we can put in place, you know, that's to get this, you know, audits done.
 So, for example, what I mean by that is, can we show certain tables, can we segregate international or foreign data from certain tables to make sure that only the tables, excuse me.
 And I shouldn't regulatory data of US, we used that for the purpose of that exercise. Now, it was a very stringent exercise, engineers had to work like, you know, overnight to get some of these done.
 But we had to take that risk, you know, that to be able to show, you know, that to be able to show the responsibility to the auditors at the time. Now, I want to make sure that this was not just my decision.
 I remember very clearly, we had to escalate to legal, we had to work with legal to think about what would be the legal impact of showing those data.
 And then if the assessors wanted to deep that further and say, because they had the chance to peak like samples, for example, like within your environment, so they could say like, you want to look at table one table two.
 And then you had to be a gamble of like making sure that the tables that were presented weren't tables that were outside of the scope of that regulatory data.
 So I would say that was one example that we had to remember.
 Great.
 Cool.
 So if I'm summarizing it correctly, you had like an audit that was going on, you found this vulnerability and you were concerned that if the audit saw,
 the vulnerability and the extent to the vulnerability, it could become a regulatory issue.
 It wasn't necessarily regulatory, it wasn't necessarily vulnerability, it was really just so our systems were built in a way that it segregated data from different regions.
 And so but that regulatory scope by itself was scope for the US only.
 And so as engineers we had to find a way to be able to show within that system.
 Because again, if we showed data of European, for example within that system, it violated their privacy rights as well.
 So we only had to be showing data that was specific to the FTC scope, which is US based data.
 And so the trade-off that we carried out there was to be able to quickly think about how can we segregate data for the purpose of that audit.
 So thinking about, can we plug in, you know, US based data into a table that we then use for presentation of the audit.
 That's it.
 So just don't expose all the data.
 Exactly.
 Correct.
 Got that.
 Okay.
 Okay. And I'm going my last question here.
 How would you approach, and we've kind of talked through this in like other examples, but what I turned to thinking about Strava and our platform and our product.
 I don't know how much, you know about the Strava product, but we are, you know, we're a fitness platform.
 Ignore anything that I'm telling you that you're in now.
 You know, web and app based and a lot of it is, you know, we are servicing the user, we're servicing a consumer.
 We're collecting all this data, but we're trying to synthesize it in a way that one is compliant, but also like works for the user.
 Right. We want people to subscribe and keep coming back and so we have to kind of balance those.
 So, you know, thinking about the product, thinking about Strava users, how would you approach balancing what's legally required versus what's best for the Strava user?
 Yeah.
 And when we say what's legally required, are we talking about like based off of like some of the legal rights or privacy rights, things like that, and how we balance it.
 What we provide, yeah.
 Right.
 When I think about so I would say like one, you know, principle of privacy by design is like privacy by design does not impede privacy by design does not impede user experience.
 Right. Privacy by design is supposed to or privacy by design principles is supposed to help make user experience even better by protecting, you know, their data.
 I think when I think about legal requirements versus user user needs the first thing I want to think about is number one, what are the things that kind of allow us to get the best experience on the product.
 And what are the potential risks that could be associated with those experiences.
 And so it's really, and this, another name for this, you can think about it as a DPI, for example.
 I've worked with a lot of product teams a lot and product teams always have very fantastic ideas on how they should improve, you know, the experience of users, but in many cases we don't evaluate the risk.
 So in order to make sure that we balance legal risk with user experience is thinking about what are all the different user experience, what are the privacy risk and idea ways for us to mitigate those risks.
 Or the ways for us to transfer the risk in certain cases or the ways for us to just, you know, accept the risk.
 Right, so let's say today, I'm just going to give this example if that's okay.
 If I had what's trouble was interactive with this trouble, let's say that's trouble wanted to incorporate the feature into the app, for example, that says that as part of working out the one track hydration levels, for example.
 And so you can potentially like hold you like when you're like at a certain point, even though you might not be feeling physically, but like, strawberries tracking your hydration level.
 Now when you think about that, that's a very, you know, important, you know, you know, feature, for example.
 But when you think about the legal implication of that, there is, there's a lot of like regulatory impact there that I can think about like he part, for example, because you're going to be tracking something that could potentially be healthy at that point.
 But what I would say is in order to make sure that we're balancing what the legal requirement is versus what the user experience is is making sure that we're evaluating the risk that's associated with that feature.
 For example, like if that data gets out, like again, I would just wrap this up by saying whatever user experience that we're providing to users.
 Always a privacy control or a legal control that can allow us to reduce the legal impact to a large extent.
 So it's taking a decision to say, do we want to implement that control in order to reduce the risk?
 Or do we want to accept the risk by, you know, not implementing that control or, you know, transferring that risk to a different, like a third-party, for example.
 Like I was reading recently that Strava has decided to make sure that they're not sharing, you know, data with 12 parties for use of A and all of that.
 But again, haven't said that I think that would be my critical approach to just conduct the risk assessment on that.
 Cool.
 I think that's totally the right way.
 Thank you.
 Um, okay. That was all of my questions.
 Yeah.
 Well, we've got a, you know, a handful of minutes here.
 So are there any questions I can answer for you?
 Yeah.
 I want to understand, like, what the role of legal is, versus the role of the privacy team is in your organization.
 How do you all like interact together, what I do overlapped, what does that look like in practice?
 Yeah.
 So that's a good question. So how since I've been here, I started at the beginning of 2022.
 It's evolved over time a little bit.
 So privacy used to be separate.
 We didn't, though, this role that we have now, um, didn't start till sometime after I had started to
 We just had a DPO, which was separate to legal, but, like, worked, you know, in partnership, of course.
 Okay.
 But it was, like, just to completely separate, set up separate team.
 Um, and then we, our DPO left, and this had been filled.
 So this role basically came under the legal team.
 So right now, and we're still rejuring this.
 So over the last couple of years, we're the legal team, which was, you know, legal council, commercial product council.
 Obviously.
 And then privacy, this role was, um, as part of legal, and then we had the security component.
 So you met with Andrew and Ash is also another person on security.
 All of these three functions sat under legal.
 So they all sat under the GC.
 Um, what's happening now?
 This role will still sit in legal.
 So you'll be working pretty closely, still with the rest of us.
 Um, but security is now going to be separate into, um, they're going to be reporting into the CTO.
 We have a new chief technology officer.
 They fit more into the engineering kind of world.
 Um, but they'll still collaborate with this role and the legal role.
 So with this role, um, I know I mentioned a little bit like how I work with this role.
 Um, it's a very day-to-day, like, hitting up this person like, hey, I have this contract.
 I think these are some privacy issues.
 Can't take a look.
 But also this role is approving, um, anything that has data, um, any kind of data share, um, in a commercial agreement.
 So you're part of our CMS.
 Um, you've got to approve that.
 So that's from that perspective.
 I work really closely with this person.
 We have, like, kind of an open dialogue.
 And then, um, this role also works with product council, which, you know,
 it's exactly where you, you were talking about figuring out where privacy by design needs to be the implementation way.
 But for us, we have been working our, we're working our way backwards, right?
 Because, um, a lot of these things, like GDPR,
 sort of, like, strawberries from a 2012 is the start.
 So a lot of the product dated that.
 So a lot of the, uh, work that was done in the last couple of years was,
 bringing it into compliance with where we need to be.
 And that's still part of where we are.
 But also, um, kind of thinking through, uh, privacy is now more involved in the product discussions.
 Kind of at the, at the ground level, um, um, you know, planning and whatnot.
 So you have, like, a kind of an insight and you can make recommendations, right?
 And so then you would work with product council and that respect.
 Yeah.
 And, um, this role used to be, we had a deep, uh, deputy G.C.
 That was kind of, like, the manager for this role, that person is gone.
 So I think this role now where we're going to report to our general council, Daniel.
 So you'll be working directly with him on on the significant amount of processes and, um, compliance issues.
 And then we've also got someone else to be working with is my counterpart in Ireland.
 She, it, she's a data privacy and commercial attorney.
 So you'll be working with her on regulatory issues, um, as well, or any DP issues,
 you kind of referred to this role, um, for any advice.
 So that's kind of how you be working with that.
 And I think that should be roughly everybody on the team.
 So you're really much a part of the team.
 Got it, got it.
 Thank you.
 That's really helpful.
 What would you, how would you describe the innovative culture here?
 How, like, what does that look like?
 Yeah.
 We, we are not as, so we're start up, but we're not like a new start up, right?
 We're like a late stage start up.
 So there is always, there used to be more and maybe a little less now, thankfully, um, but like,
 flying the airplane before it's built a little bit.
 Um, so innovation is very much something that our team is looking to and, and with the new CEO,
 this year, they are starting to push the envelope more.
 So that is, um, that is a challenge for this, this role or just for legal and general, right?
 Um, trying to keep up with these new ideas.
 But I wouldn't say, like, the evolution is such that, or the innovation is such that, like, um,
 you know, we're not kept in the loop or it's not easy to follow.
 I mean, we've, we've now recently launched our AI capabilities.
 Privacy was very much a part of our product council was a part of that.
 Um, so we don't, we don't change that much, but when we do generally launch features by,
 I feel like they, they aim for middle of the year because that's when we have our, like, banner events, um,
 for the public. So, you know, the first year is pretty heavy on the innovations.
 Yeah, that's helpful. Thank you.
 Yeah, that's all the questions that I had.
 Okay, great. Um, well, if you have any other questions that come up, um,
 feel free to reach out to your recruiter and, and they'll connect us, um, you know, you can email me and then, uh,
 uh, yeah, like, uh, I think, you know, as your thing and do things and we've got things getting coming up.
 So, just feel free to, to ping us, um, and I'd be happy to answer anything.
 Yeah, absolutely. Thank you so much.
 I'm happy to meet you.
 Nice to meet you.
 Nice to meet you to have a good rest of your week and have a good rest of your week and have a good rest of your week and have a good rest of your week.
 Thank you, thank you.
 Thank you, thank you. Bye bye.
 Thank you.
 Thank you so much.


=== Strava interview ===
 just to ground the trade-off options would have moved us a lot faster. So it is
 bureaucracy, it is a process. We should make sure that that is efficient in that kind of
 structure. But I think part of the bet here is that actually it was faster because we're not just
 spinning in chat threads talking about things. 100%. Sorry. No, that was those that was great,
 thank you so much. All right. So I'm doing a move. Wait. Let me before you. We want to. I just. Yes.
 Are you going to get into in this deck like how that operating model would look like what it looks like?
 I so I didn't plan to go through that here but I can send you the documentation for that. We
 have a workflow that I'm building out that would highlight that and I can send that over to this team.
 Okay. That's the things. No problem. All right. Real quick. What was our approach? So we took the approach
 of rating risk by domains. So if you are familiar with our current risk taxonomy, the one that was built
 last half for the PDR team, we have six domains in there. And so when you're thinking about rating risk,
 we're thinking about rating risk for these different categories. For operational risk,
 regulatory reputation, our technology and data, financial and extended enterprise. We did make some
 tweets specifically to our organization from what we saw in the IRM team. And the reason why is
 because while the IRM team might want to rank more financial risks higher. And now to me we don't have
 a lot of financial risk. Our financial risk range from maybe $50,000 to $500,000. However,
 there is a pending high reputation risk. Even if we were to think about the impact of financial
 is not being as high. So there are cases where financial risk might be low where we may only be required
 to pay a fine of $20,000 for non-compliance. However, the reputation risk associated with that
 could be really high. And we might have things like not being able to launch products in certain regions
 and things like that. So you may not see reputation risk represented in the IRM one,
 I just wanted to call out that it was important for our team and kind of the feedback that we go from
 legal. The reputation risk is a big deal here within the people organization, especially across our
 global, you know, locations. The second thing here is using the quantitative risk rate in methodology
 it's a five point scale. I'll show that here quickly. And the quantitative values have corresponding
 metrics. So where you see a five, it tells you why it's a five in the financial and, you know,
 all the way to one. Here I'm just going back to just reading it on your question Josh. We've utilized
 industry frameworks like the NIST, all of these different frameworks, and we've also worked
 very closely with the medical privacy team and our centralized risk monitoring team.
 Pause again. Any questions? All right. Thank you. So just at a high level, what is our five point
 impact scale look right? Right now for those of us who are like risk professionals or risk SMEs,
 I know you might be looking for likely good here. We want to feedback that we're receiving from legal
 impact is like, you know, the use of the word risk. And so there's a lot of confusion around like,
 ideally what you might want to see is impact on slightly good, but we're focusing on impact for the meantime.
 So we're focusing on the impact scale around risk and our impact scale is five point based. We have the
 severe all the way down to minimal. And the severe is a point of five and then the minimum is one.
 We run that across the different six risk domains that you see there that's just the short form for financial
 or personal regulatory technology and data, reputational and then extended enterprise.
 And so basically what the way that you point or you pull out this course is for each of the different types of risk,
 you have different levels of reading or different rankings depending on the type of project.
 And the total score across all the different risk categories then bring out a score that ends up being either high
 or all the way down to blue. And example here we use the time tracking regulation. As an example here,
 the financial risk or time tracking is medium. It's not very high and I'll show that in a minute,
 all personal risk is really high here because of the impact of oppression,
 started data centers and things like that, regularly to risk is not the highest. And I'll show how that comes out.
 But the total score here ends up being 16. Now what I want to call out is we've seen several scenarios where
 one of these risk domains may not apply to a project or a regulation. And so in that instance,
 we just scored as zero and then it ends up bringing out a score that we then identify as either medium
 blue or high. One thing that we would work on as we iterate on this and mind each into here is that we
 may want to apply with it scoring to some of these. I know for example the IRM team have applied with
 it scoring to regularly to a risk versus reputational. But that's something that we want to make show
 we lunch the first iteration first and test and see how things are trending and then we can go back
 and start applying with it scoring to these. I'll pause again to see if there are any questions.
 Hi. I was going to ask about latest scoring and that for EE, we said it's extended
 enterprise because that. Oh yes. So extended enterprise deals with our third-party risk and our
 contingent workforce risk. So any project that somehow interfacing or integrating with third-party
 two systems processes would fall under the enterprise extended enterprise and then from a seed of
 this standpoint, we have a disorder of risk that associated with our contingent workforce. And so that
 all those different types of risk would apply in the extended enterprise domain.
 Hi. Okay. Thank you for that explanation. But the other question is this is like how what's been
 where as we've talked about earlier in your presentation about potentially what we sign up to support
 is like could be prioritized based off the risk level score. But then I assume that this is just like
 one factor. It's like, you know, there's a mark level in it. Like he's like, I care a lot about this,
 but the risk level is still medium or low. We would then still prioritize that work. So this is just
 like one factor of how we would think about staffing and like justifying or getting across the team.
 That's a very good point. Yes, absolutely 100%. And one thing that I wanted to highlight here is
 the importance of seeing, you know, each of the risk scores across the different domains
 individually. So for example, something can be a low or a medium. But then you see that it's high in a
 particular risk domain area that you're most concerned about for that project. So for example,
 while these time tracking projects may have a lot of mediums and lows, but in operational it has the highest,
 like it has really high. So if operational is your major concern for that particular project,
 you may want to bump it up and be like regardless that it's low or medium because operational risk
 domain is something that I'm really concerned about. I want to prioritize that. So it allows also for some
 level of flexibility where you can hone down on the different risk domains and be able to see like
 what's trending high in a domain versus what's the total score overall that allows us to determine
 how to prioritize that. Does that make sense? Okay, lovely. Actually, I'll give you one more example
 for micro-admetting perspective as well. So we will get feedback, top down on things that the company
 cares about, right? So like risk might be one of them that don't mean a curious about. Also a
 efficiency gains might be one of them that we should, of course, about that might not overlap with risk
 one to one. I could imagine certain halves where maybe we have a higher risk tolerance to not work
 on projects, that would be higher support on the risk framework because we just want to drive
 efficiency. So time tracking in Japan as an example might from a risk standpoint might not be that high because
 we have a process in place, we have a policy in place but the tooling maybe really heard like PSD has to
 manually take different spreadsheets. And we might just say even though we feel good about the risk mitigation
 there, we want to get out spreadsheets and into tooling. So we use that one time tracking engineer to work
 on that project, opposed to working on something that do that might be higher risk to the company.
 And so it's just where we want to focus on our priorities. That's a good one. And just going back to
 that, just to add on top of that, I wanted to go back to the weighted scoring again, actually what we were
 seeing was that, you know, if we were automatically to apply weighted scoring for certain domains,
 we're seeing that there's lots of nuances across different relations and different like projects.
 So where regulatory risk might be higher for your particular project, reputation might be higher for
 another one. So thinking about each of those nuances allows us to just, you know, start to test
 and see how we want to apply those with exploring going forward across different types of project nuances.
 All right. This is the last slide and then I'll go to timeline. I think one to take over your entire
 time here, so thank you for your time again. So for this particular example, this is the time tracking
 example and we've used that to test our risk reading framework. And so typically what you would have is
 teams would apply each of these domains and the associated risk ranking and metrics to their projects
 and provide levels and scoring and then give some sort of like context around why they've applied that
 particular reading or scoring. So for here, we see that the reading for financial is
 standing towards medium and that's because of the fine that's associated with that. Here, the fine is
 not that high typically, you know, across like multiple workers and all of that. So that feeling the medium
 category regulatory risk is medium here. The regulation is already in effect and teams are already working
 on that to implement that. And then for operational business and operational risk here,
 this is definitely a regulation that's heavily impacted by operation. So there's lots of like
 operational risk here and that's why this was really high when you think about workforce management
 when you think about the, you know, the nuance of it being the matters flexible hours is very different
 from what you would typically have in your day to day work for a typical meta employee. And then when you
 think about reputational risk, not a lot of reputational risk exists here, especially because most of
 these are internal, they're about like internal workers. And then take knowledge of co-risk is medium here
 and the reason why it's medium here is because we're thinking about our systems, but not a lot of like
 systems and data is involved here. Opposed Josh, go ahead. Sorry, I think my hand is up from the,
 oh, okay, one, yeah, no worries. No, I mean all of this makes sense. I, but just a very, very quick note
 on the, on the last, like, for purpose of clarity, I know you kind of covered this verbally where you said,
 if a domain doesn't apply at all to a particular issue, like it gets a score of zero, but when you look at the chart,
 like that's not obvious. And so, like it looks like the minimum score should be six, but then it says zero. So I would just like
 try to make sure that you're, I just try to make sure that this is a little clearer in saying like yes, it's a five point impact
 style except kind of it's six because it's possible that you could get a zero if it doesn't apply. Mix it up.
 It's just for visual clarity because that confused me and you off the bat. Okay.
 Minor note. Yep, that's a good feedback. Thank you. Awesome. And so, what we have here again, you know,
 back to, you know, the risk reading, this is what's been rated for time tracking and then what you see
 underneath the different options that can be used to reduce or mitigate these risks level,
 and also how the risk could reduce when you apply these different, you know, options. So, for example,
 like when you apply the first one here, which has to do risk acceptance. So risk acceptance is basically saying
 we're going to move forward. A lot of these, you know, is really around number one, we're either going to move
 forward without implementing anything or we have alternative controls that are already in place that allows
 us to minimize this risk. And so, these are the different ways that we can solve for the risk that
 have been identified below to continue to reduce the risk to the minimum level. So, yeah, the last slide is really
 just talking about our timelines. Our goal is to get this rule that on November 11th and what that means is that
 we're going to be getting a comms post out and working very closely with just to make sure that we have all
 that communication together. And by November 11th, folks will start leveraging the framework we'll have
 table that folks can reference and know that to make sure they have all the information they need and continue
 to iterate on the framework to make sure we're accommodating different use cases. So, yeah,
 thank you all, any questions, additional questions, feedback?
 All right, excited, did this come out? This is great. Thanks so much.
 Thank you so much. Thank you for your time. I will go ahead and drop now and I hope you enjoyed the rest of
 your day. Bye.


=== TikTok hiring manager interview ===
 office, Ruskin governance, so we are the second line of defense, and we cater to the rest
 of the world, which is excluding US and excluding China. We too work with a lot of like upstream
 and downstream teams, which is engineering is downstream and legal is upstream. We have
 a lot of different functional groups within the PDP or Ruskin governance, such as like incidents,
 response, routine, validations, etc. And then privacy risk is also one of the teams that is
 that that's the team that I lead. So our team is pretty lean at the moment. We have around four
 people in the team, along with along with other contractors helping us out, but the team is
 like rapidly growing, but when I started it was just me. So within a year we have grown like so much.
 So we are Spanish, Spanish out in different geographies, so we have presence in Dublin, New York,
 San Jose, and then in future we would also have presence in Singapore, so they probably like
 covering different geographies, since we have stakeholders across. We do have an RTO of four days at the
 moment and then moving to five days, maybe sometime next year I'm not sure yet, but just wanted to also
 let you know the role requires a little bit of travel, both domestic and international,
 because again, like we value a lot, the enforcing relationships and just like, you know,
 getting to know as we work together as a team. So that's it about myself, the team and the role,
 handing over the mic to you. Awesome. Thank you so much for that introduction. To me, as you already
 know, my background is engineering, instead of my career doing engineering, but slowly people take
 into compliance. So, done very, you know, experience with security and privacy compliance,
 more recently being involved in more privacy work. So part of the work that I've done is standing
 on privacy programs for various companies, where that from a regulatory readiness perspective,
 or even from helping them set up privacy by design, across the different products, different business
 processes, recently at meta, I started out of meta doing compliance, but then transition into
 privacy risk. So my work until conducting privacy risk assessment extensively for the entire
 organization for our regulatory audit purposes. And currently right now, I'm in the HR org where I
 need our compliance and risk programs to help make sure that we are meeting the requirements of our
 regulatory obligations and also making sure that from an operational perspective, we're measuring
 risk and is standardized manner and that we're able to identify mitigations that will help us
 treat the risk or even accept or you know, treat, you know, transfer whatever treatment we decide to put
 on risk. So that's where I'm at right now. That's great. That's awesome. So just to clarify, you said
 you're part of the HR org and part of the organization right now. God. And so is there a separate
 privacy risk team and meta and curious. So we have a centralized privacy risk team that's focused on
 user data. We also do have a privacy risk team, well it's not necessarily privacy risk team, it's a
 privacy program that's focused on employee data. However, what I manage is risk that sometimes entails
 the scope outside of employee data. So we think about risk from a financial standpoint, we think about
 risk from technology and systems, operational standpoint, reputation, but I manage the whole
 sphere of risk across the people organization. Understand. God. And do you interact with engineering
 and legal point legal POCs? Yes, I my background has been very much closely been interacting with
 engineers. What very closely with engineers for product development, especially with projects that
 involve privacy by design ensuring that we're doing the right DPI is data protection impact assessments
 whether it's from a 3DPI standpoint when we're launching or even for legacy products. So interactive
 with engineering a lot and also legal is a core functional stakeholder that I've interacted with and
 continue to interact with actually. God. That's cool. So can you walk me through and when
 curious to learn about like you know the risk assessments that you're performing? So can you walk me through
 from like the from the beginning from the life cycle of how you would intake a risk and then the assessment
 piece because obviously like you know we operate in a very startup mode where we kind of like have very
 dynamic risk review breaks like we are building. So I would like to understand like for your thought
 processes that what are the different criteria to even assess the risk score and what your next steps
 would be as part of the treatment planning and monitoring. Yeah. So I've worked in different capacities
 when it comes to risk management. I've worked from a program at extent point where managed the entire
 program and I've worked also from an execution mode where actually execute. When I think about the execution
 mode if I'm going to that directly is number one we make sure that we have a risk register. The risk
 register is what and comprises a repository of risk that we've identified over time that impacts the
 different products and different business units across the organization and the importance of the
 risk register is that allows us to identify risk in a very standardized manner. What I've seen in time
 past is one team is identifying maybe like a data minimization risk. Another team is calling it something
 different and there's always that like you know differentiation of how people understand risk and so identifying
 our risk registry or risk repository as some people call it is the first step. Once we do that we
 begin to assess we begin to define what the scope of our risk assessment is which is very important
 and the purpose of objective of the risk assessment and the reason why I say that is because I've implemented
 risk assessment for the department level at the org level and I've also done risk assessment at the
 product level. So it's important that we're defining the scope and the objective is very important
 because in many cases the risk assessment that I've done sometimes is to fulfill a regulatory requirement
 and I've had regulatory requirements where we require to perform risk assessment annually. So we
 have to establish the scope, the objective and then the cadence for the risk assessment. Now once we've done
 that we begin to measure, how do we want to measure risk that we've now identified across the different
 products and that's where the approach comes in, whether we want to take a qualitative or quantitative
 and what I mean by that is I've performed quantitative approach where you use a point scale
 in some cases I've used the five points scale in other cases I've used the three points scale
 where you go from five which is the highest to number one which is the lowest and then you specify metrics
 for each of those levels. So five high risk can look like and you specify them against different risk types.
 Now before I go into the measurement I just want to call out that in your risk registry it also
 has to be organized in a way that allows you to think about risk not just from a high level perspective
 but how of organized my risk registry is think about it from a domain standpoint categorizing risk.
 So in my risk registry for example I want to have like an operational risk user data risk I'm user engagement
 risk and then from there you cascade it down to risk themes or risk areas and so in many cases
 we measure the risk from the risk area level even though it would cascade up to the domain level for
 the purpose of reporting and so I'm happy to I know I'm let me know if you want me to stop at any point and then
 once we get the risk areas we measure using our five points scale if we're using a quantitative approach
 if we're using a qualitative approach we do high medium low or we do very high medium low
 and that allows us to provide an output. Now once we get we decide on the approach we want to take
 whether it's quantitative or qualitative now we can begin to pass the products that we're going to be measuring
 or in many cases the business processes through this evaluation processes so that involves stakeholders
 at this point I'm happy to pause if you want me to pause at any point.
 Yeah so can we can we take one example or a privacy risk so you mentioned that you've done assessments
 both at org level and product level so can we take maybe two examples and we'd be great if you pick a
 technical example of these risks that you identified both at like you know different organ product
 and what was your course like you know how do you go about identification assessment and then different
 yeah absolutely so at the organization level have implemented so I can take for example
 when I implemented risk management for the marketing team so part of what we did was number one
 identifying because we had this centralized repository of risk so identifying the risk that would apply
 to the marketing team so in that instance what we evaluated was the user data risk so we bought that
 down to data collection risk we bought that down to data use risk data transfer risk and we what
 we were doing basically I think the best method that I've used in time class is thinking about risk
 and the context of the life cycle of data within that organization so what we first did practically
 speaking is we were we already defined the scope so we need was marketing we started to talk to the
 different stakeholders that were within marketing that were watching user data in one form or the
 other and so we walked them through our data life cycle and started to evaluate what are the risks within
 each data life cycle so marketing for it can I let me know if you want me to pause I want yeah just one
 for sorry sorry to you you said that the data life cycle was that data life cycle diagram handy like
 was it available from that from the marketing team or is this something that you developed and
 if yes how did you go about developing that because most tourists they don't even have a data life cycle
 kind of like very clearly identified from collection to retention and deletion I agree so the way that we
 think about that is thinking about what's the standardized way that data would flow and so the biggest
 thing is data starts from collection by any chance so the first thing was who within the marketing
 department is responsible for collecting data and the reason why this was important is because there were
 different types of data collection methods in certain cases the marketing team was in necessarily
 collecting data directly from the users it was collecting it was getting data transferred from other teams to them
 and so we needed to think about what does data life cycle look like in general and then feel it
 into what the marketing team was doing so we said the first point is data collection does this same
 collect data how do you collect your data online processes direct processes third parties indirectly
 and then we identified all the ways that the collected data the second thing is after data collection you
 stored the data where is the data being stored is it being stored within the marketing team the
 infrastructure that's storing the data who is the data custodian for that at the people in the marketing
 team that are managing access to the data for example that are managing how people can get to the
 data and then from there we went to use how is the data being used within the marketing team I'm happy to
 pause at any point if you want me should I keep going yeah I think that's good I'm sure yeah
 so you're talking about the data life cycle yeah that how the data like where the data stored can we take
 a few examples like you know what kind of data that you look at and just like you know what was your
 role in that in that whole process or project yeah so when I think about and what I'm referencing
 actually the risk assessment process that I'm referencing in template form is the DPI it's the data
 protection impact assessment and we're doing specifically for GDPR so what are types of data that
 were collected user data personnel data so we're collecting name they were collecting names they were
 collecting email addresses for email email email email email in people marketing information they were
 collecting information about in certain cases about age they were collecting information
 basically personal information in certain cases also because of some technical processes that
 have been putting place across the organization the marketing team in certain cases for specific
 purposes were collecting anonymized data from the engineering team so there were different types of
 data that were being collected but it was mostly personal data that was collected I can go into how we
 evaluated risk for the data types and then for the data use but I'm happy to pause if you're
 good with the types of data so far so yeah let's let's dive deep so for data different data types how
 did you do the assessment for each data type that what is you know high very high or like either quantitative
 quality they're totally cool with data absolutely so part of what we've developed prior to even doing
 that exercise we had developed a data classification standard and so that data classification standard
 allowed us to classify data from a high medium loop perspective and it also allowed us to associate
 a certain level of risk to the data type now tell you how this works practically speaking it's very hard
 to measure data outside of its use or to measure the risk of data outside of its use because in certain
 cases what we realized is well you can say anonymized data for example is low risk data so anonymized
 data in our data classification standard was on the low however anonymized data was being used for heavy
 data processing activities like AI being involved and the data sample in certain cases were small
 and so in that regard from a GDPR perspective for example when you begin to perform high risk
 processing on data that comes so when you begin to perform you know deep processing on data that
 constitute high risk and so knowing that the data by itself constituted low risk we also had to measure
 the risk of the pending use of that data associated with it so I wanted what I'm getting at is
 when we were evaluating the risk of the data by itself but we were evaluating the risk of the data
 against is used so I can walk through that practically what that looks like but I'm happy to post
 to see if you had any questions based off of what I just said yeah so this is very helpful so
 all the data that I've said you said that but the data classification policy is that was that done by you
 or a different team so the data classification standard not policy so it wasn't a policy I want to
 make sure the policy was more high level but the standard was one level down lower than the
 than policies typical policies yeah so the data classification standard fed into our apps are
 over actually their privacy policy I developed in partnership with legal in partnership with the
 engineering team because they understand the different data in their system so we had to collect that
 information so yes I was in charge I led that project actually to develop the data classification
 standard I've also led projects to develop data sensitivity standards because the where cases where
 we had to define the levels of risk for data at the right itself but we also had to define levels of
 sensitivity for what we classify the sensitivity data so yes but I led that project in collaboration with legal
 engineering understood credit thank you so a little bit of like devoting our pivoting from
 the data types so how about the production issues like did you also review the issues that were
 happening in production to do a risk assessment or kind of like a risk scoring a prioritization for
 of for them so you can identify that what are your real risk in production and when you see production
 what do you mean by production production production as in like in the life so after a product launch
 happens or even like a pre product pre product product launch so there are different issues that
 identify through you know technical reviews or even technical audits post production it could be through
 incidents or it could also be true different vulnerability assessment pentest so all these issues where
 we know that the product is either going to be live or is already live so identifying those live problems
 yeah absolutely so if I might provide how we've treated so we have a process the process that are
 run with different companies issues management the first thing that we do with issues management so
 if I understand your question and I think I have very good understanding of what you're getting
 at now when we think about pre launch we do privacy reviews and part of that what we provide we provide
 medications now pre launch usually the risk that you identify having materialized yet because they
 haven't launched them yet so those are necessarily issues that identify their risk now however if we're
 talking about post launch where the product has already gone live and it's already you know happening
 then some of those risk have materialized which will then now be issues so we do have what we call
 an an issue severity rating process where we identify the issues and we provide some sort of
 rating for each issues but in rating the issues the first thing that we do is we look for a way some
 map the issues to risk because for every issue there is an appending risk that allowed that issue
 to materialize now our process was a bit more mature where we had maps risk to safeguard or what you
 want to call controls and so when we identify the issue the next step is to think about what is the
 appending risk that maps to this issue and then after that do we have controls in our systems today
 that are currently solving for that risk and then we apply those controls I can go really
 deep into it because we have controls that exist at the central level controls that exist at the business
 level and then in certain cases there are gaps and then we identify you know new controls and we recommend
 those controls in collaboration with legal for them to implement those controls you know that's close
 the gap to risk and then solve for the issues and I can go into like the programmatic part where
 you assign issue owners you have to what we issue owners to think about even in certain cases you may
 have to determine what treatment you want to put for the issue because sometimes you may not want to
 mitigate the risk associated with issues I've had cases where we risk accepted there we decided yeah
 so yeah I can go into the issue can we take an example of an issue like example of some maybe like a
 few examples that led to a cluster or a thematic analysis because again like you know not every issue
 would be a risk or it could be like sometimes in certain cases depends on what is the what is
 the real root cause of the issue so can we take like maybe a few examples of an issue and then what risk
 did it map to what were some of the what was the risk scoring and the risk scoring of both the
 issue and and the actual risk and then the safeguards or the controls that that you map with them yeah
 so one specific issue that I remember was data deletion issue so what had happened within our
 systems was that number one data deletion jobs were completed unfortunately some of our systems
 lost the issues with data wasn't necessarily deleted in some systems they haven't even set up a
 retention period for those data and so after the completion of the privacy risk assessment those
 came out as issues so the first thing that we did was to map it against risk in our grammar what
 are the different risk good like I mentioned for the purpose of sometimes also solving risk it's very
 important to think about mapping risk from a domain perspective and I'll tell you what that means in the
 minute now we have different domains like the regulatory domain for example one of the ways that we
 measure the risk associated with issues is to measure the regulatory impact associated with that risk
 are we on the hook for regulatory scrutiny if we were not deleting that data within this case the
 assessors were in between us we were going through an audit so it was an issue that was going to cause
 us issues with the assessors and so we ran the risk associated with that issue high from a regulatory
 standpoint from an opportunity from an operational perspective it was definitely a high issue because it
 had to do with the operations of deletion jobs and then we had other different types of risk that we
 are associated with that what did we do to solve for the issue we identified number one what where the
 controls and where the controls working effectively so one thing that we've also seen is that I've seen
 from my experience is that you may have controls that are helping to solve for a risk you know ideally
 but the controls might not be working effectively and so what we typically do is going back to testing
 information where the control has been tested and evaluating was this control working as it should have been working
 in many cases if the control was working as it should have been working then the risk should have been
 mitigated not leading to an issue and so for that specific use case we realized that number one certain
 systems did not even have a retention timeline that they were following things were very ad hoc
 so what that meant was that at the lowest level there weren't policies that were being adhered to
 from a retention standpoint so training that awareness was the first thing incorporating the policy
 number two we realized that some systems were not working properly some of them were not the
 little jobs some of them were not been time properly and so the engineers had to fix that so we solved the
 issue by implementing programmatic control from policy standpoint and systemmatic control from
 an infrastructure standpoint got it and what was your role in this were you responsible for the issues
 or the implementation of the fixes so I was responsible for the issues so I was the issue manager so I
 because I was part of number one the risk assessment so I identified the issues so my role was number one
 identifying the issue owner because that's also a very complicated process because you have to think about who
 because this is a huge organization who is going to own this issue and so that takes like working in
 engineering to figure out like what are the different infrastructures associated with this issue and who are
 the custodians or the infrastructure that we need to talk to and then number two identifying
 mitigations that we need to implement and then number three testing so part of the work that had been
 done in time pass was evaluating the controls making sure that the controls were working but part of
 what I also did as part of this issue was providing a framework that the teams took to be able to test
 the controls that they said was mitigating the risk and then saying hey your your rate I mean your
 control or your safeguard is not taking all these different boxes these are the areas that I identify and
 gaps so my role was number one issue management identifying the issue owner gap analysis and
 recommendation of controls and safeguards to fix the issues and did you also have a separate control
 team that you work with yes we have a control we had a controls and safeguard team that was
 managing so the way that our control I was on that team so it's very familiar with it so our controls
 have different domains they were dividing to talk domains and so they were controlled on us that were
 assigned to different domains of controls and so when you assign a risk to an issue the control domain
 that's assigned to that risk would be associated with the control owner and that's the team that I work
 too so I worked with so control owners I should say this very important existed at the second line of
 defense and first line of defense now the reason why the existed at the second line of defense was that we
 had controls like policies and policies were implemented by those who sat on the second line of defense
 like legal compliance but on the first line of defense for systematic controls process controls we
 had teams on the first line of defense that we're implementing do so controls existed at those two
 different levels and those were the teams that I was interacting with God I think this was so helpful
 shifting gears a little bit so you mentioned about the issues that you would get from production
 and then map them to the rest how part of the root cause analysis like how like what were some of the
 questions that you would ask typically to do a root cause analysis let's take an example of the
 data retention case that you just brought out that what would be like how would you go about doing an
 RCA yeah so the first thing is to identify what the source of the issue is so we did have a form
 an intake form that we used to feel issues so number one is the source of the issue number two is the
 frequency of the issue so we have an issue log and so it's very important what was important in part
 of evaluating root cause analysis is that has this issue occurred in time passed and how frequent
 has this issue occurred and then going back to the source of the issue we usually identified what is the
 system source is it from a system is it from a system level what types of infrastructure impacted the number
 three root cause analysis is what type of data was impacted as part of that issue we talking user
 data and if we're talking user data we're talking sensitive user data was part of the root cause
 analysis and then part of that also is that the issue constitute an incident but it was very important
 because we also had so I can give you an overview and let me know if you want me to stop at any point
 you know I can go and attend them but the incident management was a domain a control domain within
 our controls environment and so whenever we were identifying an issue we needed to identify if the
 issue constituted an incident because once the issue constituted an incident it would be passed over to the
 incident management team to do continuous root cause analysis for anything that constituted an incident
 and we had ways to classify incident we had some things that we referred to as covalve incident and things
 like that the fourth thing that was very important for us also was the source of the incident from
 a third party standpoint because we had the source of the issue not incident now the source of the issue
 so we had issues that in many cities in house but we also had issues that in many cities from a third
 party perspective so it was very it was very important to identify that and then part of the root cause
 analysis issue was also thinking about people process technology because those also allowed us to evaluate
 was it from people standpoint because the issue root cause analysis like you may already know
 is that it would also allow us to implement controls or safeguards so when we thought about it from a
 people process technology if it's people then we're thinking training and awareness we're thinking adoption
 if it's process we're thinking what can we do from an operational standpoint and if it's technology
 what can we do from a system standpoint so I think what really depends on it for those where the
 high level cause analysis and these things were captured in forms when people when we have people
 submit issues and to make sure that we're doing the analysis of the issue correctly.
 Got it so as part of part of the analysis of the issue I'm curious to add learn about
 that what were some of the triggers that you would use to identify if it was an incident or not
 that is one second is that what was the timeline for that analysis because you would you would
 want to sit on an incident for too long during your analysis right you would want to escalate
 it to the incident response team so they're able to take the right action so I'm curious to understand
 that what that classification triggers look like and then what were the timelines yeah so specifically
 for that one we were I can talk about different regulations so for example for that specific use case we
 call the covered incident it was based off of the number of user data that was impacted so we were
 talking 500 or more so that was one it was also based off of what we called covered third parties is what
 we had identified them so covered third parties were divided into several types of vendors that
 had been classified certain types of high risk and so when we had any issues in managing from that
 area we we classified it as an incident and then if there was any potential of exposure of data any
 potential not necessarily reach I want to make sure that's clear because it reaches different from an
 exposure like you may already know like a bridge could just be a bridge is when the data was actually
 being done probably put an exposure doesn't necessarily mean that you know because in certain cases like
 I'm mentioning we've seen where the data was potentially exposed but it wasn't cryptid right and so
 part of that is making sure that we're understanding number one so the triggers for that again is
 the number of personnel data that was involved number one if there was any potential of data exposure
 as part of that the types of third parties that were involved in the data and then many sorry just that
 does that help you know one quick follow so you mentioned about data exposure how would you know about the
 data exposure from a system standpoint so one I can give you an example of one that I went through so
 we had an issue reported to us this was specific to employee data that there were folks that shouldn't
 have had access to a system that had changed team that still had access to those systems as a matter
 of fact there were folks who were in our third part in government whose contract had ended but still somehow
 now the reason why I say it wasn't we had to evaluate that is that we in certain cases these folks
 were not necessarily still accessing data based off of the logs but they still had access to the data
 that data had not yet been replicated now after conduct and to I know you asked the second question
 around how long to be honest and practical there's really no time frame for this specific use case
 when we initially saw the issue there were thousands of people who had access to data and we were
 in sure who was still supposed to have access to that data versus who was not they had to be a deep dive
 analysis on like who are the people accessing data right now and what teams do they see on and so those
 deep dive analysis now allowed us to see that there were people who had no longer on that team or who had no
 longer in that small group or who in scientist is no longer needed access these were people that just
 needed time based access for that data at the end of the day we classified it as an incident because
 we saw that data was exposed from a third-party perspective so like I was mentioning when there's
 third-party involved with class for us instead because again when it comes to your third-party environment
 you never know what's happening so it allowed us to classify that specific use case as an incident and
 then we had some money to see how we spoke access to make sure that we were limiting access and then just
 like looking at the logs and checking to make sure there weren't any unnecessary exposure of data.
 Right but then this all this process seems like it would take multiple days to even get to a point where
 you would know both their data exposure or not unless a third-party reports that to you actively.
 Yeah so in those scenarios maybe like a different example is fine too but in those scenarios how would
 you go by classifying an incident so that it's getting remediated at least the stop.
 Stop the bleed is happening in time you know what I mean like sometimes an issue would come like
 I'm just thinking about the process workflow that if they should would come to you and you would do
 all the assessments you would look for data exposure review the logs that would take like multiple days
 to even get to a point where you can identify what the real problem was and I'm pretty sure that there
 must be like hundreds of those issues that must be escalated.
 Yeah so again that was a one of issues so that's just one type of issue now.
 If you're talking about the number of days I'm not sure where that's getting some of the
 I can clarify so that yeah I can clarify some talking I'm trying to get to point where we can
 understand the scalability like how do you scale that program because if you have like hundreds of issues
 coming through the intake process the intake form and you are determining that which one is an incident
 so basically the incidents go to the incident response team and then rest of the issues are more like
 rest so they would be handled by your team as you were talking about so I just want to understand that
 how do you scale that process if you're getting high volume. Yeah so one thing that I would say is
 I wasn't working on all these different steps myself there were teams that were conducting the log analysis
 and all of that. Now as far as the scaling process like the first thing that we think about is
 like I mentioned if there's third party exposure involved that automatically goes to the incident
 management team and the incident management team usually does a triage where we may have submitted
 force negatives so there were metrics that allowed or so again the first real thing that we did to help us
 assign issues to different teams was mapping it to risk and we did have so we had like a central
 like tool that allowed us to map issues to risk and so when we mapped issues to risk and
 mapping to control owners what we did was to pass on the issue using the control owner route so we weren't
 just like sitting on a hundred issues and doing the evaluation so once we identified the risk
 associated with an issue we identified the control that you know as is associated with that risk
 we passed that onto the control owner to begin to evaluate what next steps they want to take now
 what I can mention is practically speaking their work cases where we mapped and if we didn't identify
 a risk in our repository associated with that issue and we also did not identify a control
 associated with that issue and that's when setting cases we had to extra work to see if we needed to add more
 risk you know into our risk registry or add more controls into our processes got it and the process
 that you're talking about the tool was it automated the mapping of issues to risk or was that manual
 so the tool already has the mapping of all risk in our repository's two controls and so
 to have what mapping to prove issues to risk was that also automated no those were done manually
 yes so those were done manually but they were done in the tool so we had an issue login the tool
 and so you had to wait to pick the risk in the tool that was associated with an issue so those were
 done in a manual fashion not automatically and how many risks like I'm just trying to get a
 ballpark figure like what was the volume and the scale of the program so how many risks did you
 have in the system I want to say we had for that particular project it's been a while I want to say we had
 over 100 risk associated with that specific use case yes so we definitely have had over 100 risk and
 maybe about 500 save cards or more control activities that were tied it wasn't even one to one
 mapping necessarily in certain cases it was a one to many many to many mapping all right great so those
 were the questions I had I mean this is really useful and helpful for me to understand about your background
 so thank you so much for all the responses yeah I look at those for any questions yeah absolutely thank
 so I know that you had so when you were describing the team the privacy risk management team
 is there a cadence that you all performed risk assessment for or you just performed risk assessment
 on a product launch basis like I want to understand what triggers risk assessment within your organization
 sure I think that's a great question so for us because we are fresh team like we are less than a year
 old team so you can imagine like we are moving from foundational to operational so
 we are triggers are more so we have two two different kind of assessments that are happening actually three
 different kind of assessments one is what is to avoid talking about issue management right so
 excuse me we look at all the production issues so that is part of our intake channel okay that all the
 production issues would come in and then we would assess the risk identity for what a false positive
 duplicates even if it's so we have a separate instant response team and they are intake process
 it's kind of like very separate from ours but if there's a mapping of an incident to a risk
 that would happen by our team so that is one so we identify risk in real time from the privacy events
 which are our issues yeah second is like another trigger would be what you measure a new product launch
 so if there's a new product is launching so we would want to meet a minimum you know create a minimum
 viable product and meet the minimum baseline depending on the regulatory framework etc so that's
 a second one third is that we can trigger a risk assessment could be triggered based on a requirement
 by a different by a singular process by singular process I mean an individual right team might
 request for the risk assessment right so they would want to understand the process gaps there
 tech gaps that have not been captured through reactive approach because there is a proactive
 and a reactive approach reactive issues management what he spoke about but proactive is where you
 actively look for any gaps which could be potential risk in future so that's how we have kind of
 late the land and if defined our framework at the moment the team is kind of working on different
 different assessments at the same time so there are different multiple projects that are happening
 with engineering team there is privacy legal who's our upstream process that are involved in all
 the risk scoring risk prioritization so all these efforts got it that's helpful and what I wanted to
 add to your question earlier I know you were talking about scaling one of the things that I know that we
 had built for issues management was we also choose towards the end of my channel we created a framework
 to categorize issues as well so we created a framework that allowed us to categorize issues from
 a programmatic system standpoint and so those also allowed us to quickly like when we saw an issue we
 quickly moved into the categorization and in many cases also when we saw an issue that had already
 occurred it allowed us to move them forward so we had things like what we labeled fast track issues
 so those were issues that similar to issues that have occurred in time pass issues that we've seen
 occur several times and then we also had a way to categorize these issues from like people in
 infrastructure perspective that also allowed us to move issues pass so that makes sense I wanted to ask
 in what would be your relate like I know you said that it sounds like legal those the measurement
 of the risk when you talk about like the risk scoring your team and legal what does that collaboration
 really look like I want to get a better sense of how you collaborate with legal like are you providing
 them the framework and then they are providing imputes to the risk framework that you're using to score
 or what does that look like in general just want to understand I think that's a very good question
 so the way we align with legal so we have a privacy legal group, global privacy legal so we
 gain we get the inputs on the regulatory and compliance piece because when you're doing an assessment
 for a risk they're different factors right impact on the user data because we are very much
 external facing versus like internal so we look for the user data impact we also look for like you know
 if there's AI processing happening on the data so those would post like larger risk so all of that is
 very technical in nature that our team does whereas like we want and we would want to get there
 inputs the legal input on the regulatory piece that if there is any fact because we are not lawyers we
 cannot tell that what would really be a breach of a regulatory compliance or a commitment for each so
 that would come from legal or if there is like a reputation and impact that we can only provide
 suggestions that there could be a reputation impact in terms of like negative media publicity however
 it's the legal who can who can challenge for sure that whatever risk-coring that we are giving it's
 accurate and it's kind of like aligned with their understanding so it's more like collaboration
 where we are working together versus like you know trying to get their separate inputs
 got it that's super helpful and do you engage with the engineering team so my understanding is when you
 think about things like technology risk for example legal may not be able to weigh in as much into
 what those levels would look like from an infrastructure perspective do you engage with like the
 engineering teams product teams to evaluate what technology risk could look like? I beat too so we
 weren't directly with the product to manage teams so the third kind of risk assessment where we
 proactively do risk assessments on singular programs that is where we would engage directly with the
 engineering teams to identify process gaps technology gaps and also for the remediation on the treatment
 efforts we would we work very closely with engineering in general because there are so many like you
 know quick fixes low hanging fruits that we can very very quickly we get them treated and are like you
 know low effort high impact so we have these different criteria also that we get into.
 Got it thank you so much that's super helpful. One just I'm not technical last question that I had
 is you mentioned that you lead that team how would you describe your leadership style? Sure so we are
 very collaborative because we work one so a couple of things one we work across geography locations so we have a
 lot of like you know daily standards and daily things I encourage and not just me actually our leadership
 and courageous that where we have more like in person things as well so that's why we travel to each other
 making sure that we have that in person time by putting discussions strategy discussions all of that.
 So that is one making sure that we are all on the same page kind of like working together.
 Second is collaboration I value collaboration a lot where we are able to keep it each other in form and
 work together on multiple things. So it is I like to keep the team very much accountable for each of
 their tasks so that we are kind of working independently but also like you know they obviously like
 within the team they can collaborate and ask suggestions and work together but also they're accountable
 for their own tasks and able to produce results and create impact so that way that also helps in building
 your own career because everyone is like responsible for their own career growth things that they would
 like to do for this individual skill sets. So depending on what your individual interests and
 skill sets are because we have like multiple projects going on different risk assessments so they
 would be like an assignment based on what you would like to do and where you would like to build your
 career on. So that is really really important for me and the fifth thing is flexibility and adaptability
 that because we are working in different time zones so I like to keep it like very open
 communication that whatever like your schedule would look like if you are taking morning meetings or
 evening meetings then depending like you know you can manage your own schedule it's not like a nine to five
 thing that we would like to encourage here. That makes sense thank you. Are you in New York?
 So where are you? I am based in New York. Yes that's open also. Yes but we do have a huge team in
 San Jose. Okay. Leadership, my leader, since San Jose and then we have like a huge presence in San Jose.
 Okay. Yes. That makes sense. Thank you for answering my question. That's all the questions I have.
 Of course it was such a pleasure talking to you and as next steps I'm going to share my feedback with
 the recruiter and they will get in touch with you with the next rounds. Sounds good. Do you know
 what the timelines look like? Is there any or that would be information from the recruiter?
 I would say that recruiter would be the best person to share that information but you're pretty fast like
 it by test. Things move very very fast. So I'm assuming in the next few days you would hear back about
 the next steps and the process. Okay. Sounds good. Thank you so much. It was nice meeting you.
 Nice meeting you as well. Have a great day. Thank you. Bye bye.


=== TikTok interview 2 ===
 to give them some of the control changes you needed.
 Yeah, that's a thank you for that question.
 So, I think one of the biggest challenges,
 I think in consult, it has its pros and cons.
 The thing that I liked about consulting was the ability
 to be able to do multiple things
 within a short amount of time.
 The difference, what I noticed is we consulting,
 when you do consulting, you go on a project
 and you implement that for say three months
 and you don't necessarily only until the end of its whole life cycle,
 the life cycle of the project.
 So, if something is extremely good,
 you get the credit for it, but that's where it ends.
 If something goes bad, you don't stay there
 to see the, you know, the repercussion
 of something that you build that was terrible,
 but in in-house, you stay with it all the way.
 When you build something, there's more level of accountability
 that's required.
 What that means in essence is that you get more credit
 for the work that you've done,
 especially if it's a long term,
 and you build something really solid.
 If it's something that you're struggling with,
 then you get a chance to continue to grow on it.
 While, you know, facing all the challenges
 of watching something that you build to grow.
 So it's almost like if I could put it in lay my terms
 in consulting, you birth a child,
 and then you have somebody else adopt a child,
 then put it in, you know, the real life in the world
 of, you know, the industry.
 It's almost like you see the child to the end
 to the end college and make sure that, you know,
 the graduating, all of those things.
 So I think that's one of the biggest differences
 that I saw coming from consulting into, you know,
 industry, but again, it has its pros and cons,
 the ability to get credit long term,
 and the ability to watch something grow long term,
 and also face the challenges that come with it.
 So yeah.
 Yeah, I, for what is really like a 100% agree with that.
 I think that was a major change for me coming to TikTok
 was like being able to take a process from start to finish
 rather than like I found, especially with consulting,
 you come in and you're like,
 everything's on fire.
 Please don't make your everything on fire.
 Okay, okay, we'll fix it.
 But then yeah, you're right exactly right,
 not seeing kind of that end result and knowing
 where the limitations of those processes are.
 That makes less sense to me.
 By the way, if I am slow to respond or you hear noisy typing,
 that's because I'm an incredibly noisy type or I'm taking notes
 obviously.
 So apologies, if you get like a very weird dead stare
 for me, that is the sole reason.
 So I would love to talk about,
 there are a few, a few kind of items that are kind of in my career
 to discuss because this is,
 because I'm a cross-functional stakeholder, like you wouldn't be on my team.
 But you would definitely be interacting with my team,
 especially me as kind of that POC from the legal perspective.
 And I'm curious kind of what at meta and maybe even before that,
 your relationship with kind of a lot of cross-functional teams are like,
 how have you found,
 you have obviously you have an information tech management
 and computer engineer background,
 but kind of dealing with a lot of other teams,
 like product teams, business teams.
 We work with communications, government relations, legal,
 like, how has that been?
 What have you done in that aspect?
 And when you say what have I done,
 is that how I have in short stakeholder collaboration
 for different projects, is that the question?
 Yeah, exactly.
 I think that's a good, very kind of question.
 Okay, yeah, no, that's that's helpful.
 Yeah, so when it comes to stakeholder collaboration,
 what I've seen is like everyone on a team is always,
 when you scale back and look at what everybody's thinking about,
 we're all looking towards the same goal,
 very often, however, we all have different strategies or methods
 by which we believe we'll get to that goal.
 So when I've interacted with multiple stakeholders,
 number one, even before interacting,
 it's also evaluating who are the stakeholders you need on the project,
 very important.
 And understanding who are the key stakeholders,
 not just key stakeholders, but key decision makers.
 Because in the room of stakeholders,
 everybody has a voice, but it's important to understand who your key decision makers are,
 because those are the people who are eventually going to potentially sponsor
 whatever it is that you're building and giving the highest advocacy that you're looking for.
 And so when I've dealt with stakeholders,
 there's number one identifying who my stakeholders are,
 and very importantly identifying what they're rules and responsibilities
 look like and making that clear upfront.
 What that has done for me is that it's enabled me to be able to communicate
 better and also get buying from people when they know upfront.
 Now, in terms of when the project now starts and you've been able to provide clear rules
 and stop me at any time if you've gotten what you need.
 Yeah, once I get the rules and responsibilities clear,
 the next step is understanding what problem do we want to solve and how do we want to solve that?
 And I think the reason why it's important to understand what problem we want to solve is
 whenever especially for very, very large-scale project,
 for example, I can give you an example when I was, you know,
 consulting for meta from a perspective where I asked to consult the problem of FTC.
 And it was a large-scale project FTC had just hit meta with the five billion
 find that everybody knows about at the time and it was like, come so for it.
 And more than just solving for the five billion find,
 it's important to understand what problem the company itself wants to solve for.
 And that's basically based on risk and compliance assessment.
 And that's where you start to understand what are the different components of the problems
 that we want to solve.
 And what I mean by that is when I think about an FTC problem,
 it's not just the regulatory problem, but it's a risk problem.
 It could be a system problem.
 It could be that the way that we're storing data for example in our systems,
 we're not storing it properly and that's what led us to the violation of that learning fact.
 So understanding what problems and then understanding who are the people that are going to be able to solve that problem.
 And then once we bring everybody into the room,
 identifying and understanding what are the pinpoint of people as we solve the problem.
 One thing I've also seen is that when you're trying to solve a problem,
 more than the problem that you're trying to solve,
 people bring all these pinpoint points that they want you to solve as part of the problem.
 And so it's important to also scale back,
 take in what everybody brings together and then scoop in.
 And then finally, what is very important is buying.
 At the point when you now decide, we've decided on a solution,
 how do you get everybody's buying?
 One thing I like to say is when I get into your room,
 I've been, you know, opportunity to work in so many different environments that are getting the skill of collaborating ideas.
 Now, while in many rooms there might be ideas that might not jump out as the best idea.
 Everybody knows that compliance is very subjective.
 However, the intent of the idea is usually what I like to look for.
 So I'll give you an example.
 There's sometimes an engineer or somebody in compliance might say,
 oh, we need to develop this big framework to be able to solve for XYZ.
 Now, that big framework might take us more time than we were intended.
 But what they're getting at is something that's going to solve for our regulatory requirement.
 And so it's getting back and saying, how can we make this more efficient instead of, you know,
 solving a big framework?
 And so that's part of bringing everybody's ideas together in a way that the final solution has every single person's fingerprint on it.
 And what that essentially does is that it builds trust amongst all the stakeholders.
 And then it also allows me to drive influence, you know, that's a skill that process if we need to,
 because again, you know, that compliance projects are not one time.
 You always have to scale them because of the changing regulatory landscape.
 And so that's how I've navigated stakeholder relationships when I'm building on projects.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 I want to touch based on one thing you said and kind of bring this into another kind of conversation,
 which is you mentioned, and I think correctly, by the way,
 like just to be clear, compliance is subjective and intent of bringing intent into it.
 From a legal background, obviously, we're going to argue everything subjective in some way and we're going to make that case.
 However, I think one of the key functions of kind of privacy program management and from a risk perspective, especially, is kind of finding those sections of ambiguity.
 So the question then becomes like, how do you make informed decisions surrounding risk where the kind of overarching questions of compliance are a hundred percent obvious.
 Like, whether or not that's because it's the law is unsettled or ultimately the position of the company is unsettled.
 So how do you make those informed decisions when there is that ambiguity, when there is that kind of subjectiveness?
 And I'm curious, so not only kind of how theoretically do this, but like, do you give me an example of when you've worked on something similar?
 Absolutely. So maybe I can't rephrase that I say compliance solution in can be subjective.
 Maybe not compliance itself.
 Because it's all.
 I think you have feelings.
 I think you have feelings.
 I think you have feelings.
 I think you can take the point.
 Yeah, there are some laws that I like that.
 I can give you a very good example. I think GDPR is a good one.
 So when GDPR came out, GDPR said, so I came from a security background,
 where you know you have the PCI DSS.
 It tells you exactly what you're supposed to be doing on system.
 You would say encrypt data.
 There's some of them that would specify even the type of key or the encryption types that you should be using.
 Now GDPR comes up with a law.
 They have all these different requirements.
 Ropa and then for security, they just say security data.
 And they say if you encrypt your data and you have a data breach, nothing is going to happen.
 Now, when you now start going to organizations,
 I remember going to an organization where it was impossible for them to encrypt their data,
 just how they were storing it in systems.
 And so we have to scale back to say, okay,
 like GDPR is asking us to secure data,
 but GDPR doesn't specifically mention what exactly it is that we should be doing specifically to secure data.
 Computer, you know, the PCI didn't understand it and all of that.
 And so what we eventually do in those cases is number one,
 understanding what security means for the systems in-house.
 And what that means is number one,
 understanding the systems that need to be secure.
 And what that means is that the systems that are storing data that can expose us to regulatory violation.
 And when we understand those systems,
 what is the list or the minimum level of security that can be applied to this data that will prevent us from,
 the easiest thing is an incident, for example, what can we apply?
 So we start thinking about doing it to put things like access controls in place.
 Do we need to make sure that the software is updated?
 So when I think about areas where you cannot just provide a blanket,
 why data protection practice on systems,
 you have to scale back and think about what are the systems that we want to,
 you know, we want to protect.
 What is the type of data?
 How is that data being stored in the system?
 And what serves as data protection for that system from a security perspective?
 And now what that enables you to do eventually?
 Because having worked in compliance for a long time,
 what I know that most companies do,
 and I've seen that this is a very efficient way.
 We talk about defensibility, not necessarily compliance.
 I know people use compliance a lot very loosely.
 What defensibility means is that you're able to show the regulators,
 how you've met the requirement of the law,
 when it's not necessarily that you're doing something exactly as what the law says.
 The system is very in some of the systems where built way back before the law.
 When I think about GDPR, GDPR came in 2018.
 A lot of the systems that we're working with,
 they were already in place where we built before 2018,
 had built their system regardless GDPR laws.
 So I think it's important to understand as an organization,
 what does that mean for us?
 And what I also say to people is,
 at least, when I think privacy, I think the user,
 what can cause harm to our user versus what will protect our user,
 when you think from that perspective,
 it allows you to take a more structured approach
 to protect the data in the example that I just gave.
 Yeah, I think that makes sense.
 That's kind of from my experience.
 Also, I have worked on PCI.
 He's immensely, I work very closely with or previously did with
 each of the major credit card companies.
 So coming from there into seeing different, not less prescriptive.
 But obviously, not self-regatory schemes,
 that those obscurities in kind of issues with the legal compliance,
 surrounding whether or not something is prescriptively required
 or done internally on that sort of surrounding system basis,
 can be challenging.
 I think you kind of very clearly spelled out.
 How you can bring those best practices from seeing
 other components of surrounding the maintaining security
 where it's otherwise obscure, or otherwise privacy,
 or any GDPR compliance efforts or FTC efforts.
 That all kind of resonates very closely with what we do
 and what I've do specifically.
 I get from my perspective then, and kind of one thing I'm curious about,
 is taking a lot of these items that we've talked about.
 I think security is a good angle to come in with,
 because obviously I'm a privacy attorney.
 This is a privacy role.
 You are an expert in privacy.
 But taking on these problems often relies on engaging.
 So kind of different from collaboration, thinking about
 and steadleg.
 These problems have very, they're multifaceted.
 Like every issue we deal with is not just a privacy issue.
 When we're trying to delineate, because this is a product issue
 or a security issue or a privacy issue,
 but at the time it's like some combination of the three
 and then you can add and other things.
 Obviously there's going to be a communications issue.
 There's going to be a government relation issue if something is actually a problematic.
 When you take on these multifaceted incidents,
 which to be frank, we do every day.
 How do you prioritize?
 Where do you start?
 I want to differentiate in delineate here.
 So we've talked already about kind of your initial approach with collaboration
 of coming into the room identifying sort of
 those key stakeholders and getting that influence by and.
 But I guess here it's like internally organizationally.
 How do you deal with the problem that has so many different sort of attack factors?
 Yeah.
 So at this level, when I think about,
 we can think about this from an issue standpoint
 or we can think about it from an incident standpoint.
 When I think about this from an incident standpoint,
 and as cheesy as this might sound,
 the first thing is data is people data or personal data involved.
 And what type of personal data we're talking about here.
 And because again, as somebody who's worked for many organizations
 where different types of personal data also have different regulatory impact.
 So for example, if we're talking health data now you're thinking
 in hip-hop and if we're talking data for example,
 that has to do with like confonions,
 you have to think CCP for example.
 So the first thing is thinking about what's the data and the second thing is thinking about
 what type of data we're talking about and what's the jurisdiction of the data.
 Now when we think about the jurisdiction of the data,
 it allows us to understand the regulatory impact of that incident, for example.
 Or if it's an incident violent issue,
 it allows us to think about the regulatory impact of that issue.
 The thought thing that I usually do is also we do have risk-based evaluation processes,
 where we've already had like, for example, we have a risk register
 that would assign different types of risk to different types of controls.
 And why that's important is because a risk would tell us the control that's either doing well or it's feeling.
 And so the first thing that you typically want to do on an issue
 and incident is to perform a risk assessment on that issue.
 To be able to understand what are the possible risk scenarios that can emanate from this issue or what
 and if you typically something that has already occurred,
 but you also have risk that at the aftermath of an issue that has occurred.
 And then from that, we also do have what we call like a risk-renin metric
 that allows us to rate each of these issues from high-medium-loop.
 And usually some of this risk-renin metric looks like what is the volume of the data that's involved.
 What is the type of the data?
 When I talk about type of data, well, all data is personal, there's some data that's more sensitive than the other one,
 which means that they can cause more harm in certain cases.
 And then you also think about what is the scope of the data that was.
 So you can say that we had five data elements, for example,
 if we had plenty to be that those data elements were spread or replicated across multiple systems
 then you have a challenge.
 The third thing is looking at external parties.
 Are we talking about an incident that involves an external, like a third-party environment
 where in cases where we were stormed across our third-party environment, those also tend to heighten the risk.
 Now, each of these things that I'm calling the so many more of them,
 but what they help to do is that they help to rank.
 So what we've done, just practically speaking is you can either use a qualitative or a quantitative measure
 where you say that this specific types of data would be scored one to five or five to ten,
 and then you panatech each of those metrics, plug in the numbers, and they put out the score for you.
 And then those score would then allow you to prioritize.
 However, I would say this that I've seen practical scenarios where the score sometimes is not enough to just drive high-medium risk.
 It could be additionally of decision-making processes where something could score a five,
 just based off of our risk metric.
 But that peculiar situation is applicable to like current trends at that time.
 And so you need to bump the risk score to higher level to be able to get it prioritized for the purpose of resolution.
 So our pause there, I know does a lot, but let me know if you want me to.
 No, no, no.
 So that's where exactly with kind of our approach here and what we're looking to mature.
 I think one thing I'm curious about, and I have a few questions kind of on this.
 I think we'll probably spend a decent amount of time here.
 It is for one.
 I'm curious if you think that if you have this risk matrix and you're using this due to terminations.
 And let's say current trend is, as you, the example you just need, right?
 A current trend, something is a five, but like everyone is talking.
 Let's say it's like desars.
 This is a problem with our data subject access requests.
 And while this issue affects very limited volume and maybe the fines are low, we really need to bump this up because I think we have other there's a reason.
 I'm curious if you think that's an execution flaw of the matrix and that the matrix should be revised to handle those exceptions.
 Or if it satisfactory that like there is an ad hoc process to shift like a retroactive shift on the risk score.
 That's a very good question.
 So in in practice, you typically want to iterate your matrix, right?
 Prettime.
 And you want to iterate based on what you're seeing as current trend.
 Now, some things might be one time activities that can inform you to bump things up.
 Now, what we typically do is that we have what we call a multiplier factor in your matrix.
 That can then involve all these different events that are mentioned.
 It's the multiplier factor.
 Then serves as an umbrella that takes into consideration all these different things like the external hot needs, the recent event.
 So those in those different factors in themselves, add up as that multiplier that can then be used on an ongoing basis for your risk matrix.
 Now, however, the way that I build my risk matrix is that a risk matrix is not a one time thing.
 You don't build it and be like you're done.
 We have to go back and re-evaluate the metrics to make sure that we're incorporating new changes in the regulatory tool landscape, new changes in risk that we're identifying.
 And even sometimes our processes, when we begin new processes, new product features, those introduced risk into our environment and we need to make sure that we're evaluating the risk and plugging into our framework.
 So make sure that our framework is adequately capturing those different metrics to make sure it's picking out the right, the right result.
 But ultimately, what I would add to that is that we typically have a risk-exhafane team.
 In many cases, when you know when the program matures, I know everyone has to look through that in some smaller companies.
 But typically what you want to have is a risk-exhafane team that uses the risk matrix as one of the major decision makers, not the final decision maker.
 So you have the legal team that's providing on top of that some factors that you may want to consider as part of that process.
 Got it. That makes sense. I think from, sorry, I lost my training thought there for a second.
 But I agree, I think I think kind of the thinking from from this team's perspective is that in the reason this is project.
 It's maybe more important is the idea for the risk register and risk footage and all documentation here is that there's a lot of projects.
 And they go through sort of an ad hoc, like determination of risk by legal, but by other stakeholders as well.
 But largely it's been by legal. We'll go in and just be like, yeah, we think this is a high risk. Please don't kind of be existing regulations.
 We can point to provisions and we can point to funds, but largely we just point to the regulations and go like look, this is an area of focus, this is an area of litigation. We're not really comfortable with this existing.
 The question is, you know, we work a lot with engineering. That is sort of our bread and butter for remediation of any potential instance, whether it's an incident or just a feature that we need to kind of readjust.
 So I think the question becomes, when you were thinking about it from a prioritization perspective, how we keep each risk.
 Part of that is going to involve legal and working with legal directly to come up with that. I guess my question here is, like, how have you worked with specifically legal teams.
 And I'm going to add before I want to make sure that I'm not like sending you into a trap here. So I want to give you like a little bit of color on my amassing.
 TikTok for better for worse globally, I think is a company that is very cautious about its compliance efforts.
 Whether or not that's because, like, I think there is outside the level of scrutiny on TikTok's behavior based on by dance or whatever other reason.
 There's internal, the internal effect of that is that we're very eager to, you know, dot our eyes and cross our teas, but also that we're very conscious of how legal interacts with teas.
 And to be more specific, we are eager to have legal insight across a lot of different issues where other companies that I've consulted with are worked for typically don't involve legal.
 But the risk documentation is a very good example of this.
 Where legal is going to stay involved, because I think if we start saying what we have all these incidents and if legal isn't across it, we're very concerned with the concept of creating this large catalog of risks that are regulated.
 You could just kind of be like, look, these are all genuinely problematic.
 When I think for what it's worth legal has already made determinations about like, you know, we've risked accept A, we don't believe B is actually violation of law.
 The concern is like if a risk register is so robust that at least everything going on, that could potentially be used against an organization.
 And I think when you're an organization that potentially has a target on your back, like TikTok sometimes does, at least feels like it does.
 That's a concern. So I guess the question here is like, how have you interacted with legal, where they ostensibly are kind of a blocker to you, but ultimately kind of are operating with competing interests.
 I want to make sure I understand question based off of the context.
 Are we saying that how do we ensure that legal processes are legal by design, like we're involving legal as part of that or not over involving legal, I'm not sure I understand.
 Yeah, it's a little bit of that. It's how are you involving legal, but like how do you kind of deal with these contravaling interests, where potentially, and for what is worth.
 I have a lot of colleagues in legal meta, so I'm not, I don't think I'm speaking at it, turn it here, but I know a lot of their objectives are similar to mine, which is like protect the company and make sure, but also make sure that these projects are able to be completed, right?
 We don't want to expose access data, we don't want to expose access regulatory tax surface, but we do want to make sure that risk profiles understood and the remediation actions are taken.
 How do we balance, how do you work with legal and balancing those two bridges?
 Yeah, so I think when it comes to building those risk documents, it's also essential that I'm involving legal from the start to understand what the mindset is to what's risk.
 I can give you an example that I, you know, face when we were building the risk rating framework and we were identifying risk and we were, for example, in certain cases, we were cataloging some of the risk as high and we were cataloging what our solution would be as high.
 One of the feedback that legal gave us was that if we are cataloging certain things as high and the regulators came into our environment and saw that we weren't fixing those things, so we took a different approach on how we treat the risk.
 Then we could get into trouble because our system is saying that something is high, when eventually maybe it's not, maybe we've, maybe we didn't high, but that's an organization we're saying we don't want to take, you know, and we don't want to take, we don't want to treat the risk in essence, we don't want to have.
 I think what we've done in terms of those types of scenarios is really understanding number one, what is our process for solving for risk, very important.
 And do we have those projects which, you know, in compliance terms controls? So when we identify things as high risk, it's important that we're also looking at our control environment to understand that we have controls in place to mitigate those risks.
 Now, where we don't have controls to mitigate those risks, because that's where we then get, you know, potentially, you know, hit by regulators is do we have a roadmap or do we have a plan or alternative solutions that can be put in place to solve for those.
 Now, I've had scenarios to where in certain cases, I know that Liga had said that we had over indexed on certain factors to qualify as high risk or undine indexed on certain factors, and so it's really, really into the mind of legal to understand like, because again, legal really is the one that helps us set the scope and the standard, because there are the ones that help us demonstrate that disability.
 So it's really sitting down with Liga to understand like, where have we over indexed on something and where have we under indexed and how can we create that balance.
 But more importantly, making sure that whatever we've identified as high or as in very high, we do have ways to solve for them or we have strategies to solve for them.
 Another thing that I know we've done in practice is we have a risk acceptance process that we carry out.
 So what the risk acceptance process is is that it has a very structured approach to be able to accept risks that we're not willing to mitigate in the time being.
 And then we have a roadmap to say in the next six months, in the next three months, we would revisit that risk to understand where it's at relative to our goals and our objective and making sure that we're continuing looking for ways to mitigate or treat the risk.
 Yeah, I think I'm forwarded with that obviously from the legal perspective like agreed and you know, our goal is to kind of assist from the perspective of understanding hopefully the like.
 It's a group project to kind of gain understanding of the risk appetite over the company, but yeah from a from a risk profile perspective on at least from a compliance and regulatory angle.
 Now there's obviously the different kinds of risks, right? And this is not a no surprise to you.
 I know you if you've worked on the risk register project met a you're kind of conscious of kind of the financial risk and and PR risk or communications risk how we want to define it and kind of balancing those so this is sort of looping back.
 I should say really quickly I I love control so I also did FTC work like that was all so I I am a control freak in that way and maybe other but it doesn't matter.
 My point is that controls like as an overarching concept are are like fundamental to me in terms of my understanding for regulatory right if we have a regulation and we can build out a set of controls that that.
 And you can find gaps against it in map mediation plans that's fine I think the question that like I want to delve a little bit more into is documentation and kind of accountability or accessibility right something.
 How can we create and use the risk register use risk foundational documentation in your mind in your history and experience like how would you propose kind of handling.
 Auditability maybe is the right word.
 You know whether that's working with different teams or like kind of what your approach generally is and I don't need any examples from meta I kind of a more interested your personal philosophy about using controls to create auditability.
 And okay so auditability in terms of like what I'd say internal audit or external audit.
 Yeah really either way right like the concept of like if if I were to leave tip talk tomorrow.
 Someone should be able to confirm when you kind of everything you described in your previous answer which is like.
 What's the road map who why was this.
 Who did that like why are we doing anything that we were doing it and including especially like why did we determine that something that.
 But this is per your last example right where if like a regular payment is that this is a high risk but you haven't done it.
 Why why was it high risk why hasn't anything done inside of like how do you control for that in a control environment.
 Yeah so if we're talking about how do we make sure controls are audit table.
 It's what I'm hearing I could provide that I think you have a second part of the question that saying that how do we control to make sure that.
 The risk are properly being mitigated by the controls and we have processes together on that so I'll take the A part first.
 So in terms of control auditability number one is understanding to your point you're right what controls really are is helping to meet meets the requirements of the law.
 On the other hand I would like to say that controls that double edit their double edit sort while they're helping to meet the requirements of the law they're also helping you to mitigate your risk.
 And so what you want to think about when you're writing controls is that number one you want to think about what are the controls or first what are the regulatory obligations that we have as an organization that was subject to.
 And distilling those into what we call control objectives in order to understand what exactly we should be doing that would allow us for few those requirements again like we had mentioned earlier some of those obligations and are very well clearly stated.
 And so that's where we work with legal to make sure that we're distilling those into control objectives and then from there we have what we call the control activity which is what is been done to do the control objective now what really allows for auditability is evidence.
 And so it's really not just having engineers or product managers or the system to tell us there's a policy somewhere it's what is the evidence of this and so evidence can be collected in different forms so another way that you know if I could just kill back a little bit is also.
 Providing what you call the GR system is a GR system excuse me that allows you to.
 Identify what your different obligations are and within that GR system you can map your control objective to the regulatory obligation and then you can mark your control activity.
 So the control objective and then add your evidence as part of those control activity and then to that control activity you mark your risk register.
 So the control activity to give you that overall story overall picture.
 So that way if as an organization we want audit for GDPR I can go into my GRC tool for example and you know do a search on all the GDPR.
 You know laws and regulation it brings it up and then another thing that's also helpful is that you also want to do test regular testing for your controls because it's not just to have control you also want to test the design and effectiveness of your control.
 And so design is different from effectiveness probably know that because design is really what you have on paper but effectiveness of the control is really where that evidence comes in and then you have some scoring.
 So what enables you to have that auditability is a clear picture of your obligations and how the control activities are helping to fulfill the obligation.
 But also the evidence saying that's associated with that process and then the risk that's helping to mitigate that.
 So that's the aid part any any additional question on that is that.
 That's exactly right.
 I mean yeah totally agree there. So yeah if you want to move on.
 Yeah absolutely.
 So the second piece of the work you were asking is how do we ensure that we're creating a controlled environment where all of these different risks that have been identified.
 We have your process for risk acceptance and all of that. So what really allows you to be able to solve for all those is usually having what we call issues management.
 So issues management is what allows you to identify all the different issues.
 For example that are you know in issues we've categorized them into different areas.
 Usually issues are resolved of a field control or a control that's not what can effectively.
 And the way that you kind of identify a field control is when you typically have a risk that doesn't have that's not being well mitigated or it's just not being mitigated at all.
 Or you can also identify a field control where you have this new regulatory obligation that you're not able to meet with existing controlling environment.
 And so what allows you to be able to do that is that whenever you type anything as an issue where that's a regulatory evaluation issue.
 You typically do risk assessment on that and that risk assessment process is usually within your issues management process where you're able to identify what that's an incident.
 Maybe regulatory and evaluation ADSR you know request that wasn't properly fulfilled.
 Take that into your issues management do a proper triage do a risk assessment on it.
 And then being able to assign it to the right owners.
 And usually what I do when I'm building when what I recommend when I'm building solutions that tooling is also embedding accountability into the tooling.
 So what that looks like is in the tooling when you put a control you assign a control owner who knows that this is my control in the tool.
 So that when there's anything that's wrong with that control you can type that individual and then so it comes for circle if there is an issue you have a risk owner the risk owner is you know.
 You know is is where is made aware of the issue and then we tabbed that to the control owner the control owner is made aware of the issue and then that way everyone can resolve.
 And then once the issues resolve you also have like an issue manager who's there who's looking at all the different steps to make sure that they're properly done.
 And then in cases where you also have to do risk acceptance making sure that you're driving that usually we drive that truly legal team and compliously that she's to make sure that you're driving.
 That's probably what I usually recommend that those should all be in it so so they contract processes and track you know change management as well.
 Yeah, I mean that that to me is is is a very as to description of kind of the process that we're working on and.
 And then for trying to parents and and I want to just kind of pause here and say like I'm we're going to say it's 345 roughly.
 So I'm going to save the remainder for for questions for you, but just to kind of address like kind of where we're sitting and what you're walking into.
 You know we're still we're still maturing this process so we've developed kind of platforms for these controls.
 We're kind of working and reworking to meet kind of the various regulatory obligations that we're faced with as well as kind of.
 Going above and beyond that so we are privacy statures that we seek to not just to the minimum required by law, but we have goals to create like privacy program.
 So for our ching that contains you as dear and committees, et cetera and all of this kind of loops directly into this control framework.
 And from that control framework and the reason I bring this up is is kind of the conversations I've been having with active and her team about like how.
 You know we can operate with risks being paired against these controls and using the exactly what you've described as a process to sort of drive the business to to resolve certain issues that are either non-compliant or risks.
 The lower compliance or ultimately risk of not meeting the privacy standards that we're setting for ourselves, which.
 May not be a regulatory compliance issue at all.
 It may be that we're addressing risks from that we're identifying and creating internally of like we don't have this process working in.
 Don't know if it is requiring it is is essential that we continue to do this.
 So that I don't make sense to me and then I think that kind of squares with exactly the activities we're performing here.
 I think the difference in maturity you know we're a younger organization than meta from several perspectives and I think this program is growing dramatically and drastically I should say.
 And rapidly but I think I think there is a lot of work here in terms of kind of building out this risk documentation.
 And specifically surrounding the as you've described kind of identifying the owners of these risks and make sure that this map come to one without creating sort of an outsider regulatory risk component.
 So I think that's all here and I think that's going to be like the challenge of this job to be totally honest with you is is dealing with kind of like how we map these risks against controls and really working with various teams across the business including legal but maybe even more so in the product teams.
 And even auditing teams to identify where these risks are being noticed and kind of identified and bring that all together and kind of consolidating it into one component of the overarching schema.
 I want to make sure that I'm keeping to my word and giving you plenty of time if you have questions if you don't that totally fine as well.
 Yeah. Thank you for that. I do have questions for sure. Thank you for breaking that down and that's super helpful.
 I'm curious to hear. I used to consult for IBM my initial years in comparison. Yes, I used to the New York office. I helped to build some of the risk assessment work GDPR at the time.
 Well, that's awesome. Yeah. Yeah. I'm curious to hear what you. How would you describe the difference in culture between IBM and now and what is one of the biggest culture challenges that you're currently navigating.
 Yes. It's a lot. So for transparency, I think I think we infer what is worth my team is different right we're a legal team that kind of.
 Operationally, we have slightly different functions, but compared to IBM consulting, I think IBM consulting is very like my my experience there and I'm not sure if it's on your percent of lunch with what you were doing, but certainly like this GDPR era.
 It's very slow-paced at IBM. A lot of it has to go through kind of levels of levels of levels of management and there's a large emphasis on kind of relying on standardization across the board.
 I think here we're a lot more agile and part of that is that we have a startup mentality still like very much so there's a fear of big company disease of like becoming too slow and too rigid.
 Which has pros and cons right like I think the bro is that culturally we're able to get a lot done we're able to create really amazing products internally and externally, but like we're able to build out tools like rapidly.
 I think the con is that unlike IBM, there's a lot more pressure to operate quickly, but still to do it at the same level of excellence and I think that can be fun at times it can also be tiring at times to be absolutely transparent.
 I think ultimately you know the work here is what you make it a bit. IBM I found to be utterly lacking challenge at times like I really was like you have four weeks to write a policy that you can do in a week and of course I'll do this why wouldn't I?
 I think here the challenges are a lot more real and a lot more meaningful, but also a lot more rewarding you are more you have more agency over what you're doing and the results of your work are more immediately apparent versus my time at IBM consulting.
 Sometimes as you said very early on about consulting versus in house you're literally seeing one part of the project going like we did it and then moving on and like every time on me to client after that or even internally at IBM it was like yeah we don't use that anymore.
 I think here it's like you have the power to really really make a change and like I'm personally thrilled with the work that act as team is doing I think they're like phenomenal and I think they're doing a lot for the company and so it's like it is a smaller number of people doing a large amount of stuff.
 I still think they keep their work like balance just to be like totally transparent I think that's like still very much so a thing.
 But still like having a really powerful impact on what the business is doing and what the business priorities are and as I said kind of keeping that that privacy posture that we really fight for on a day to day basis.
 That's helpful thank you second question is what what how would you define success for somebody who's coming to this room and specifically as it relates to interacting with your team and in other words what I'm trying to ask is what is the biggest point of your team right now that would look like success for you know solution for anybody who's joining the team.
 Let me reverse that by saying I am the biggest pain point for your team.
 So I think a lot of it is just keeping open communication I think communication is like a fundamental requirement between different things in the organization.
 A lot of and for what is worth a lot of your background like kind of working in consulting and working at meta with different cross-functional stakeholders that's really important for this position like I think the aspects of what you've talked about in terms of kind of building that influence and getting the buy in from different groups.
 I am from different groups of finding those stakeholders is crucial.
 I'm one of those stakeholders for the purpose of this project right ultimately risk is a question not just of legal but like a bunch of different teams that have a bunch of kind of competing interests.
 But overarchingly as you points out sort of the same goal which is to further our compliance as a business.
 What that means is that the pain point for my interaction with your team is that my voice is not always going to be number one which is legal never wants to hear that but but naturally that has to be the case right we are not the only stakeholder we're certainly not even the most important stakeholder that's the business.
 So keeping open line to communication explaining the decision making and making sure that you're like responsible in sort of the racy way of like responsible account what consulted or informed but like making sure it's the responsibility within that risk team that informs.
 Why you're doing certain actions and then you can provide that like consulted angle of it right of like we did this because this is our determination.
 But legal has said this and while we've taken that into account you know it's x y the at the end of the day legal is not always right like we do our best will farm things out to right people and what we believe is the people who have the most knowledge on a matter but.
 Ultimately it is a group it is a team project and and risk sort of has that central position in the hub to kind of keep things going.
 So that's that's the important and how you succeed at least from my metrics.
 Now that makes sense that's helpful I have one last question so I know for example.
 TikTok to the to the to the to the most of my knowledge hasn't yet been hit by a major fine like you know the likes of metal like the five minutes as then and I know in history like.
 Many of the companies that are worth to compliance usually takes a quicker pace you know at that time of the fine like I wanted to.
 Get a sense of what is the compliance piece right now at tick to especially with you having experienced other companies where you booked an F to see and all of that.
 And the reason why I'm asking also is like what does compliance bureaucracy look like how easy to get things moving.
 You know especially when you're standing up things that aren't necessarily much to an independent regulatory obligation what does that look like.
 Yeah that's a great question so I think.
 I'll say two things one is there is always a pending regulatory investigation and that's sort of the truth at any large company is that every government is looking for one reason or another and identifying any risks.
 Which is good right we want ultimately is to be held responsible if there are gaps and and to close those gaps.
 We are under an FTC order for musically which is now to talk which spells out certain copper related requirements so we have those as a baseline we were sued again in August by the Department of Justice.
 Which did not impose any specific regulatory requirements but kind of provides insight into like we have this and then that's public by the way and both of these obviously are.
 Which means we have certain regulatory obligations that like we know a under law but be we have an understanding of like where the major concerns are surrounding our product platform and where we can do.
 Whether it's to better internally or communicate better what we're actually doing.
 So for example we have like under 13 experience like you took his mode and like how the privacy controls are on that work and making very very clear to both the regulators and the public of like hey we've really genuinely have all these protections in place.
 It's just not immediately apparent and we need to do better on kind of.
 Advising on those that that creates sort of privacy posture number one privacy posture number two is again as I said like we have proactive goals that exceed regulatory obligations.
 The atmosphere in the company is that we want to be more than compliant.
 If baseline compliance is the question we believe we're you know for better for words like you know we're we're accomplishing those tasks.
 But we want to do more we want to create things that exceed those requirements and really have a very tight program that runs on controls and operates with risks identifying prioritization targets that exceed regulatory requirements.
 Again as this is another point where legal says like you know I while I want to have an unsized voice I do have to take a back seat because.
 We'll drive these initiatives as best we can but if there's no legal requirement for something we just want to do it frankly we shouldn't even be in the room having the conversation.
 So that that's sort of the the.
 The atmosphere I will say from from having audited a bunch of companies for the FTC.
 There are a few different approaches that we've seen which is like look the CEO is like all in a hundred percent we have to do everything right.
 And then I've seen the one with like we're going to do the bail minimum.
 And ultimately as I said like with from an audit ability and assessment perspective those may result in the same thing right if you're doing the base the assessment reports going as though like any assessors.
 Yeah they're meeting their control requirements.
 But ultimately the atmosphere at the company the first company mentioned the one with CEO down kind of being like we need to build this program out.
 Is going to be a lot more successful in containing and maintaining rather that privacy structure and long term.
 We are significantly closer to that first company like the efforts are coming directly from the top here and there's an atmosphere.
 I mean there's a reason this team has budget right and they keep expanding expanding expanding is like we want to just keep doing better by that.
 Okay, that's actually very good to hear.
 And yeah and it's your point. I also think that that first approach also drives competitive advantage over time.
 So yeah.
 Hundred percent.
 I mean that's yeah at the end of the day like that is kind of our sales pitch to the business right if there's ever something they don't want to do from a compliance perspective like to look it it sounds really good if you do this.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That makes sense.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 Those are all my questions.
 Thank you so much for answering all of them.
 Wonderful.
 To me it was such a pleasure meeting you.
 I really appreciate you taking the time to do this today.
 Thank you.
 Thank you for your time as well.
 Take care.
 Thank you.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Holy spirit.
 Thank you.


=== TikTok Interview ===
 That's a touch on something which is very close.
 Like you mentioned, you have system implementation experience
 and you kind of implement risk accordingly.
 So is that what you were referring to
 where you kind of hit this middle ground
 so that every the consumable audience can be bulk?
 Absolutely. So that's where I know that I have a very unique expertise.
 The translation effect over risk.
 So if I could translate that in terms of risk being high-level,
 when I think about the hierarchy or the cascading of risk,
 we have things we call risk domains.
 Like regulatory, operational, technological
 that you would use to record back to management at a very high level.
 But in order to translate that to an engineer for example,
 I have to think about what are the specific risk domains
 that would apply in their room. So if I'm talking to an engineer,
 I shouldn't be talking to him about GDPR risk per se.
 I should be talking to him about taking a logical risk
 that overlay on top of what GDPR requirements.
 Oh, that's perfect. Okay, that's awesome.
 This is music to my ears. Okay, so can you walk me through
 something that you've done? And I also have a heavy engineering background.
 So pretend I'm running just give me an example of whatever you're
 and tell me the risks as an executive.
 And tell me the risk as an engineer as well.
 Yeah, so let me know if there is a preferable option.
 I can pick a regulatory risk that I'm evaluating from a regulation standpoint
 or from an issue that arose in the organization.
 It's either or.
 Okay, yeah. So if I were to pick a GDPR regulation, for example,
 and I wanted to talk about the risk associated with GDPR
 to management versus the risk associated with GDPR to an engineer,
 there's different approaches that I would take. So number one,
 the first thing that I want to evaluate. Yeah, so give me give me like one evaluation criteria
 of GDPR that you're focusing on and then you can
 extrapolate it to the management as well as that we I can test you and how you're
 knowledge on GDPR. And also I can test you on how you are articulating the risk
 to a management person and to an engineer. Yeah, absolutely. So if I wanted to test risk
 from, you know, a reporting standpoint, I would provide the risk of GDPR at a more domain level.
 So I would think about from a GDPR standpoint, what do our regulatory risk look like?
 And when I talk about regulatory risk, I'm referring to things around number one,
 finds number one, what that means from, you know, a reputational standpoint for our organization
 with that outside regulators. Number three, I would think about it from an operational perspective.
 What is the risk of also not being able to operate in European regions as a result of
 not meeting our requirement? I would also think about our risk from what does that mean from
 a scrutiny perspective towards like, if we don't completely now, many times people think about what
 if we don't meet, but sometimes it's about not completely meeting that an exposure to additional
 scrutiny to the regulators. So at a very high level is helping our organizations, leaders,
 understand how is our organization impacted? Yeah, so what I meant, like, okay, you know, in GDPR,
 we have these articles, right? What I meant, like, you know, you have like articles, six. Yeah,
 I think it's like, and from what I would say, so I think five is data subject rights. We have our data
 walk me through, how are you implementing data subject rights? Like, I think that's article what
 12. So how are you implementing data subject rights and the need to implement data subject rights
 to an executive and how are you going to explain that to an engineer specifically? Yeah, you need to go through
 like the right to access all this rights, you know, that right to certification, right to an engineer.
 Yeah, absolutely. So I want to make sure that I understand where you want me to go, because I can go in
 different directions. So maybe say, from a data subject rights perspective, am I communicating
 the leadership, the importance of doing that, or how can implement that, which one is that? Yeah,
 how, how, why we need to implement it, right? And how to implement it? Okay,
 for me. Because as a leader, I need to know where to invest, right? Yeah. Right. And then
 to an engineer, what he needs to do specifically? Absolutely, absolutely. So number one, the major
 reason why and I think about leadership is also in different departments. So I could be talking to VP
 marketing. I could be talking to VP. No, in this case talk to the CEO. The CEO, technical officer.
 So when I think about the importance of driving or implementing an effective data subject rights
 program, the first thing I can think about when I'm talking to our chief technical officer. I mean,
 you're talking about like chief technical officer and reference to his leading the engineering team. He's
 not like the compliance person. He's just like an engineering leader. Okay. Yeah. So in for the
 the reason why it's important for us to implement a data subject, right? Just, you know,
 requirement processes. Number one, we have a regulatory requirement that we have an organization
 as subject to. And if we don't meet that, we have fines that are associated with that. And if we
 also don't do that properly, it also exposes us to lack of trust from our customers. Now, from a
 process standpoint perspective, the first thing we want to think about is what are the different ways
 that we want to accept to request from our customers? Like what as an organization, what is our
 mode of communication to our customers? Now, there are many cases where you may want to use an email
 LES, for example, you may want to get a portal. Those are the different things that we also think about.
 And then the number two thing is, how do we establish data's part of our privacy program? Or if the
 privacy, if data subject rights is going to be part of like a larger program, maybe a security and
 privacy program, for example, what teams do we want to dedicate to that? Are we going to have a specific
 team dedicated to data subject rights where they're going to be responsible daily? Or are we going to have
 a combination of like different teams from legal and compliance? And maybe like, you know, privacy
 operations like coming together and sitting down and triaging together, what's that going to look like,
 the mode of operation? And I'm talking about the operating model now, when it comes to data subject rights.
 The next thing is that the reason why I was saying what our mode of collection is,
 is because I want to talk about the technological investment on what our mode of operation would look like
 when we're collecting data. Now, if we decide that we want to automate the process of how to like,
 for example, I've seen organizations implemented a subject rights through email, a very manual process.
 And then somebody has to look at it. I've also seen like, you may also know like,
 meta, we have the AYI, the DYI that you can go to on Facebook and just download your information
 except when you need something. So in order to understand how that's going to operate, we have to
 think about what is the technological impact of that? Are there systems in our organization today that
 can integrate with the data subject rights system where we don't have to build something from scratch?
 As soon as we were now trying to meet these data subject rights requirements for the first time,
 or do we have to build a system from scratch? Number two, do we want to use in-house tools?
 Or do we want to think about buying tools or, you know, subscribing to like one trust, for example,
 externally, I know to be there. So I can go on and on, but I want to dive deep also into how we think about it
 for the engineers. But let me know if you want me to keep going or you want me to dive into the engineering space.
 Let's jump dive into the engineering. Yeah. So when I think about the engineering team,
 so let's say now we've thought about we know how we want to think about moving forward,
 we've determined what technology we want to use, we want to build tools in-house.
 The thing that I want to think about is, when you think about your data subject rights system,
 the first thing you want to think about is integrating that with an identity access management system.
 And the reason why is because when you take data subject rights, one of the ways that you can validate
 the individuals that are requesting that access or the access or modification to their data,
 it's been able to validate their identity. I have worked extensively in data subject rights
 and I've seen cases where people would ask for data on behalf of somebody else.
 And as a company, we just didn't realize that people were asking for data on behalf of somebody else
 and not their data on we're grinding them that data. So there has to be the overall system I have to think about.
 What's my system going to look like from intake all the way to the completion of the request?
 And what are the specific components of that system I want to automate?
 Because again, like I told you, we kind of have seen where you automate the intake process,
 but the triage process is more so involved. It's a combination of automation and humans also looking at the request.
 Because in certain cases also, there are requests that are coming as just as simple as I want to access my data.
 But there are other requests that are coming that are very deep dive into.
 Oh, I realized that my data was being used for x, y, d, z in the start part environment.
 Tell me, give me one information on that now.
 That's not a request that can be easily resolved just like that.
 But now to the extent that you start to scale your process and see many of those requests that you
 can then feed an AI model with to help you continue to drive those requests and make your systems self-operating.
 At that point, when you're still building up your system, you still have to evaluate their outliers
 that our system might not be able to fully solve by itself.
 That if humans need to go in, take a look at that.
 So again, just working through in a systemized manner, I would think about number one, what does our intake process look like?
 I will be able to ensure that that intake process is integrated with some sort of like
 IAM system or just like an authentication system that allows us to verify the identity of the users.
 Now, immediately, we get the request, what does our SLL look like?
 Now, we have to think about, from a GDPR standpoint, I believe the last time I checked
 maybe 24 to 72 hours is where you acknowledge, it doesn't say that you have to respond yet.
 So we have to hold our sister higher accountability standard so that if our systems feel
 we would not necessarily be feeling GDPR, so from my experience, when GDPR says 72 hours,
 as a company with hold our cells accountable to 24 hours.
 So if anything happens in our system, if there were to be like any like, you know,
 breakage and system or transition, we still have an opportunity to get some of those hours.
 And then when you think about what your SLL looks like, you have to think about the different systems
 that have to be working in order to allow you to achieve that SLL.
 And then from when you think about, now that we've established what our SLL looks like,
 number three is establishing what is triage going to look like.
 I'm going to be able to categorize requests immediately to comment it's a high risk request,
 medium risk request, low risk request, where they fall into a different bucket of oppression,
 and somebody can easily pick that and the ones that are low risk requests go to the automation process
 immediately and where it would to resolve that. Or I can go on and on, but I could stop.
 Now I think that's fine, now you develop, thank you so much.
 Actually, okay, cool. Now, I think that's it for me. So I just wanted to ask
 why you should go ahead and meta right now, right? So why do you want to move to TikTok?
 Yeah, I'm ready for a new challenge. I am having a good time at meta. I love the work that I do,
 but as somebody who's experienced the opportunity for growth in the career in different times,
 I'm ready for something new in a new environment to take on new challenges and learn.
 I consider myself to be a privacy and security expert, but what we're going to realize is when
 I expose myself to a new environment totally, it helps me to just like recalibrate and learn and
 read it. So I'm looking forward to that in TikTok if I can.
 Yeah, I mean, TikTok is probably one of the most I used to work at meta. I moved from meta to here.
 It's probably the most challenging environment you could possibly imagine.
 So if you want to challenge, it's probably definitely a challenge. Now, not to mention,
 I'm just going to be very candid with you. It is a kind of, as I mentioned before, it's not a
 nine to five job. It is a very dispersed because the company in its nature is truly in my experience,
 and I have been around Silicon Valley my entire life. It's truly a global company.
 What I really mean by that is, you know, in meta, you know, you had decisions kind of made in
 metal park, right? In Apple, decisions are made in Cooperate. You know, in TikTok,
 decisions are truly made at a global scale, right? You don't have one person sitting at one location.
 It's dispersed across the globe. Due to that reason, it is not a standard 95 job, right?
 But there's advantages. I mean, I used to work at meta. You get very good at one particular
 domain over time in TikTok, because it's a very lean and high execution oriented team,
 and it's also, like, how meta was pre-IPL, right? There's a huge bigger impact for every individual
 that we bring along. It's a little bit more fulfilling that way, because there's a lot of visibility,
 a lot of flatness, and a bigger opportunity to make impact. But it comes with its challenges. It's not
 like a cruise job. So I want to write that up. The second thing is we do travel a lot, and what I mean
 by that is we don't travel locally, we travel globally. And it's because we are dispersed,
 quite, so we travel quite often to Singapore, quite often to Dublin, which I think where your teams are,
 as well. So, you know, there's kind of a requirement that is not a requirement. It's just like,
 you probably will be traveling as per discussion, right? So that's something to keep in mind.
 Um, but again, as I said, it comes with its challenges, but it is very, very fulfilling in my honest
 opinion, right? So, um, yeah, so any questions for me? Sorry. Yeah, absolutely, and thank you for that was
 super helpful in just helping me understand, like, expectations going into this. I've also, you know,
 had some conversation with some folks as well, through the course of my interview here. So that's just
 like, super, um, like, an additional affirmation to everything that I've been hearing. So thank you for
 providing that. Um, I'm curious to hear, um, from just a comparison perspective, the compliance culture,
 and when I say compliance culture, I'm talking more so about, like, adoption rate. So I think it was helpful
 for you to call out the fact that decisions are made at, like, a global level versus, like, a
 member park and things like that. How does that impact the speed or the efficiency of work or
 driving work? Um, in your opinion, it's going to be compliance that way. Okay, so it's a little bit different here
 in the sense that, um, it's a cultural difference, a significant cultural difference. Um, so in meta,
 you needed when you were managing teams, I managed big teams at meta. And I can tell you, you,
 you need to have a general consensus from the bottom up to, to do. So if 10 people had different
 opinion, you needed to make sure there's middle ground for these 10 different opinions, because of that,
 the time, turnaround time is kind of big, right? Um, we hear it's heavy execution focused. So
 it is bottom up, but to a degree, it is very top down to it. So it's somewhere in the middle
 to be honest with you. Because of that, decisions are made extremely fast here, right? Okay.
 And also the engineering capability is far more, um, because the engineers are dispersed in multiple areas.
 So we have more engineer per capita than meta, meta. So if you have one engineer working in
 meta, we have an equal and a five engineers here working on that same function here. Not to say
 we can scale, we can always get more. But because of that, you know, tooling, iteration on tooling,
 whatever you need. So you mentioned, you know, um, archer and, um, you know, these other systems
 for compliance before, um, we build them, we build them and we build them at a very, very fast rate,
 like very, very quickly. Um, and we have capabilities to fix issues really, really fast.
 So if the thing is you need to give your directions need to be very specific on what you exactly need.
 So that is a very cultural thing. You need to be very, we're both in your direction and you have to
 tell them what you need and they will get it done and it will get done very fast. But you have to be very
 clear in the instructions that you provide. Um, so that is a cultural difference. The speed is
 something that is mind boggling we fast here. Physicians are made very fast. We operated a super fast rate.
 And as I said before, we execute, we, we have a bunch of people here thirsty for direction. You just
 need to be able to give that direction. That's all, right? So that's kind of the way I see things here.
 So yeah, hope that answers your question. It does. Thank you. Um, one other question that I had for you
 from your experience here, it almost sounds like you've been here coming up to almost two years now.
 How would you say that an individual who's coming in can set themselves up for success in the
 first year? What would you say in your, your, your, your self was successful like in your first year here at
 six o'clock? I think no different than any other companies to impact that you're able to
 to, to drive, right? Um, and risk is something that is already by the nature of it is high impact.
 But the problem that the uphill that you need to face is getting your network and the XFN
 aligned. What I mean by that is first you need to plug into the culture that we have, a colleagues we
 have in China in different regions, accept them, accept their perspectives, and also understand how to
 direct them. The sooner you have an open mind to do it, because one thing I noticed by hiring
 people who come from a meta, come from a Google or come from an Apple is
 they tend to be on a different level, they or and keep themselves there without an open mind on how people
 think at a different level. It's not like they're lower than you, it's just that they operate differently.
 Yeah. So what I always recommend is come with an open mind because there's a perspective that you're
 going to see that is unlike any other company that you would see before, but you should be accepting
 off that open mind, right? Tell me you're there. Yes. I think I lost you. Hello. Hello. Oh no. Tell me you're there.
 Can you hear me?
 Hello, this is Shani. Hello, Shani.
 I think the good thing that the interview was over.
 Yeah, I was listening to you to the point where you were talking about having an open mind.
 Yeah, that's right. Yes, so that's kind of my feedback for the entire thing is, you know,
 the sooner you accept and understand the ability to work, you can do a lot of things in this company.
 And that wouldn't be the judge of the impact, I guess, right? So it's directly related.
 Yeah, so does that sort of make sense, hopefully that can relate to you as well?
 Yeah, yeah, 100% that's really good advice for me. And taking that from somebody who came from,
 went from consulting to meta. I thought I knew everything that's, you know, about privacy,
 because I had done it for like 90 different companies, but at meta, I had to learn and really.
 So I get that as such of just like putting your, your crowns down in like you're just like digging deep and learning new things.
 So yeah, I get that. Yeah, yeah, all right, heavy. Thank you so much for your time.
 Yeah, thank you. It was a pleasure talking to you. I'm sure the coordinator will contact you pretty soon.
 Okay. Awesome. Thank you so much, Lindsay. Take care. Cheers, bye.
 Okay.
 I'm going to enter this, come on.
