Speaker 1: Hello, how are you?
Speaker 1: Hi, I'm well. Good morning. How are you?
Speaker 1: Good morning. Happy Monday.
Speaker 1: Happy Monday to you as well.
Speaker 1: Thank you. Well, looking forward to chatting with you.
Speaker 2: We'll spend most of our time kind of going through some pieces around hiring,
Speaker 2: as well as inclusion when it relates to onboarding.
Speaker 2: And then I'll make sure that we wrap up a little bit early,
Speaker 2: so you have plenty of time to ask me any questions that are top of mind.
Speaker 2: Sounds good. Thank you, Chelsea.
Speaker 1: Of course. And I'll just be taking some notes.
Speaker 1: I just like to mention that if you hear me typing.
Speaker 1: You're worse.
Speaker 1: Well, maybe to kick things off because when we spoke,
Speaker 1: it was really more so in preparation for the interviews.
Speaker 2: And so I'm sure you've been thinking more about the role
Speaker 2: and as you prepare for the conversations with us.
Speaker 2: And so would love to hear as you think about the opportunity
Speaker 2: based on everything you've learned so far about the role,
Speaker 2: the team, company, culture.
Speaker 1: What are some of the pieces that you're most excited about at this point?
Speaker 1: Yeah. It's been on some pleasure to speak with all the folks on the team.
Speaker 1: I've had the chance to speak with Sumida, who's the hiring manager.
Speaker 1: And while she's quite new, ramping up with the culture and everything,
Speaker 1: it was very interesting to see the culture from her own perspective.
Speaker 2: And I think one of the things that she pointed out was just the difference between
Speaker 2: the flexibility at Netflix when it comes to rules making.
Speaker 2: Vases where she's coming from and the dynamics of, you know,
Speaker 2: like transferring or delegating work to the people that she's working around
Speaker 2: and even dealing with stakeholders.
Speaker 1: And I had the chance to also speak with
Speaker 1: Lewis, who is actually a team.
Speaker 1: And one of the things that excites me most about the program
Speaker 1: or the role itself is that Netflix is beginning to build
Speaker 1: compliance for their future, if you like.
Speaker 2: It's some sort of innovation going on there.
Speaker 2: And so as they incorporate ads into their processes and they begin to deal with all these different
Speaker 2: third parties, there are lots of changes that we need to be made or some sort of
Speaker 2: innovative solutions that need to be brought into play.
Speaker 2: So I'm very excited about expanding my scope and contributing to the team in that
Speaker 1: and leading a team to success.
Speaker 1: As far as the culture, a lot of things have actually stood out to me.
Speaker 1: A lot of them, I can definitely relate to and they aren't very new as much to me.
Speaker 1: The one that I stood out to me and I really loved was the part of the culture where it says
Speaker 1: that we seek to improve the culture and not preserve the culture.
Speaker 2: I think that was very interesting to me because the reputation of culture is to preserve it.
Speaker 2: You don't necessarily try to improve culture.
Speaker 2: You want to preserve it for the next generation and all that.
Speaker 2: But the way that I could think about that is saving money versus investing money.
Speaker 2: So like you save money, it stays at the same state, you invest it in multiplies.
Speaker 1: And so the ability or the opportunity to come into an environment where the conscious
Speaker 1: consistently evolving allows for innovation in so many regard and allows for diversity of thoughts.
Speaker 1: So those are the different things there.
Speaker 1: And I'm actually very excited about an environment like that that allows you to improve and continuously
Speaker 1: iterate the culture to feed to the evolution of the company.
Speaker 2: That's awesome.
Speaker 2: Yeah, it's interesting because that is how we always think about it.
Speaker 2: It should be a living, breathing artifact that evolves with us.
Speaker 2: And we, you know, iterated the culture memo.
Speaker 2: It was a deck way back in the day that it's a different format now, a few times.
Speaker 1: For the exactly that reason in terms of the business is inevitably going to change.
Speaker 1: You know, we want to make sure that it is reflective of where we are as a business as a company.
Speaker 1: And so it is something that's not set in stone.
Speaker 1: We do want to preserve the elements that have worth wealth for us.
Speaker 1: Like, can there in feedback and maybe it's thinking like how do you continue to evolve?
Speaker 2: That is the company grows, etc.
Speaker 2: But I'm glad that representative with you because I do think it's really unique.
Speaker 2: Fantastic.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Well, let's talk about hiring.
Speaker 1: We always say that hiring is one of the, if not the most important thing, a leader can do a Netflix
Speaker 1: and be able to do that effectively and, you know, really objectively in terms of what the needs of the team are.
Speaker 1: And Netflix, we don't have things like hiring committees and so hiring managers truly are the informed captain when it comes to everything related to their search.
Speaker 1: So like the job description, the interview plan, who's on it, what we're assessing for, making the decision at the end of the day.
Speaker 1: That is all run by hiring managers with close partnership with my team and talent acquisition.
Speaker 2: And I always like to share that context because I do think it sets us up a little bit uniquely in terms of really ingreen, you know, the search for a specific role on the specific needs of the team.
Speaker 2: So I'd love to hear from you, you know, in general, when you know that you are going to hire how do you specifically go about understanding
Speaker 2: and really assessing and identifying the needs of the team before you actually engage in the hiring process at the hiring manager.
Speaker 2: Yeah, so I have different approaches depending on where I'm at in terms of the evolution of the team.
Speaker 2: So I've been on teams where I've been asked to come build the team from scratch.
Speaker 1: I've also been on teams where I've been asked to come expand the team.
Speaker 1: And so part of the process that I use these number one understanding the goals and your objectives of the team.
Speaker 1: In certain cases, they have very clear goals, sometimes the goals need to be clearly defined almost.
Speaker 1: But I make sure that I embed myself into all of the different unique stakeholders that are part of that goal or the goals and objectives that the team is looking so achieve.
Speaker 1: So that involves the people who are actually working on deliver goals.
Speaker 2: The stakeholders that they're partnering with, what do they need for us?
Speaker 2: And then our leadership, what is the leadership requirement from our team?
Speaker 2: Really teach to overall community goals.
Speaker 2: Now once that's established and I've received the alignment, I begin to do a gap analysis of where we currently have the roles and responsibilities aligned with our goals or the culture that we're trying to build.
Speaker 2: And where we mean it's a higher for more, you know, when I'm hiring also my strategy uses two pillars.
Speaker 1: I think about the capability pillar, which is where I'm assessing for skills and experience and technical abilities.
Speaker 1: And then I do have what I like to call this strategic pillar, where I'm thinking about how do we bring people to evolve the culture of this team?
Speaker 1: How do we bring people to innovate especially because I've worked in a lot of fast-paced environment?
Speaker 1: It's very important for me to think about how we, where we want to be and how can we hire to continue to move at the pace of the innovation of the organization itself.
Speaker 1: And so making sure that I'm thinking about all of that.
Speaker 2: And then I build typically rules and responsibility metrics that would allow me to then identify the right qualities that I'm looking for in, you know, the next.
Speaker 2: And then make sure that's aligned with everyone.
Speaker 2: One thing that I would mention is that I've seen on teams that I've hired where even though people are currently, you know, performing in a particular role of capacity, they may have expressed that they want to take on other roles.
Speaker 2: And so I take that into consideration to think about who can fill in this gap, who might have more strengths than the person who's currently there and then move things around to make sure everyone is doing work that.
Speaker 2: That's great.
Speaker 1: And you kind of started to talk about it a little bit in terms of like capability.
Speaker 1: But when it comes to thinking about like the, what you look for when you're hiring, what type of things do you like to look for outside of like the raw technical skill requirements for a role or their particular attributes that you prioritize?
Speaker 1: Absolutely.
Speaker 1: And so for me, again, because I've worked in a very fast-paced environment and also alignment with Netflix goals and culture, I look for somebody who's in a big game.
Speaker 1: You have to be somebody who can solve problems.
Speaker 2: I like people who have an understanding of the diversity of how to think about one problem and not thinking about it in one direction.
Speaker 2: So that's one, number two, I look for people who have collaborative abilities, not just to solve problems by themselves.
Speaker 2: But to think about how do we solve problems for the team and in the interest of the organization.
Speaker 2: So for example, I would ask them to tell me a time where they collaborated with a team to solve a particular problem and what their role was to be able to get that signal that I'm looking for.
Speaker 2: I also look for people who are nimble. When you're answering my question, I look for somebody who is very quick to think about problems solving on their feet.
Speaker 1: And they don't have to have all the data or all the information they can do with ambiguity on the spot.
Speaker 1: And so because when you think about an innovative environment, somewhat like Netflix, one of the aftermath of an innovative environment is you have to deal with a lot of ambiguity and you have to be comfortable dealing with that.
Speaker 1: And so that's what I look for. And somebody who is really committed, looking to, you know, somebody who's passionate about what they're doing.
Speaker 1: That allows them, you know, inadvertently to drive for innovation and group.
Speaker 1: Absolutely, absolutely, I love that.
Speaker 2: And when it comes to thinking about inclusion and diversity while hiring, what are some of your hiring initiatives related to those efforts and how do you think about specifically assessing.
Speaker 2: Specifically assessing talent with that in mind.
Speaker 2: Yes. So when I think about diversity, diversity spans much more to deeper for me.
Speaker 2: I think about diversity, even in the context of the industries that people come from.
Speaker 2: And so many times I've been on teams where I'm deliberating with like my whole, you know, partners and we're looking to hire.
Speaker 1: And people specifically want to hire people from the same industry as where we are.
Speaker 1: And what I usually say today is somebody who comes from another industry brings diversity to the team and allows us to think, especially because compliance is such a subjective environment.
Speaker 1: And you have to think about it broadly, especially from a risk standpoint, beyond your industry to be able to get proactive means of solving problems.
Speaker 1: So industry specific, you know, requirements is how I think about diversity.
Speaker 1: I also think about diversity from a diversity of experience.
Speaker 2: So, you know, I'm not just thinking about the longevity or longevity of experience.
Speaker 2: I'm also thinking about quality of experience.
Speaker 2: So it's not just about hiring somebody who has 15, 20 years of experiences about somebody who's had quality experience doing the vast majority of work,
Speaker 2: where the outside of, you know, the industry that we're currently in and within the industry.
Speaker 2: But it's also one other thing is diversity of thoughts.
Speaker 1: How people solve problems.
Speaker 1: So I've seen that when I'm hiring, for example, there are some people who are more innovative in problem solving.
Speaker 1: Some people going to execution mode immediately.
Speaker 1: And you need a diversity of that on the team to be able to create a balanced effect.
Speaker 1: So those are the things that I think about also diversity of culture, of course diversity of, you know, where you're coming from your background and all of that things that I would consider.
Speaker 2: Mm-hmm.
Speaker 2: Definitely.
Speaker 2: Are there any specific hiring strategies that you've used to ensure that you have a really diverse well rounded pipeline while you're hiring?
Speaker 2: Absolutely.
Speaker 2: So when I'm in, in the time past, for example, so there was a time when I was an engineering manager in my first rule part of what we were asked to focus on was diversity.
Speaker 1: Now at the time, my industry was very female dominated.
Speaker 1: And I was, this was back home in Nigeria.
Speaker 1: You would, it was very hard to see or to see engineers who were women.
Speaker 1: And so we had to take the effort to actually go to schools that had, you know, women association of girls association engineering and target those conferences to be able to get girls common to team.
Speaker 1: You know, you know, got, we females from the college, you know, from the college group.
Speaker 2: So that was one thing that we really had to do.
Speaker 2: Another thing that we had to do was also to diversify our pipeline, our recruiting pipeline.
Speaker 2: To make sure that we were encouraging our hiring, you know, our talent partners, not just to seek from a specific industry.
Speaker 2: But we're very clear about the different types of industries that we wanted to get talent from now.
Speaker 2: I'm talking experience higher.
Speaker 1: So when we're thinking about like college hires, we had to go to a specific demographic to go get people to ensure that diverse pipeline.
Speaker 1: But also encouraging our talent partners to make sure that we're seeking diversity of industries to be able to get us that diversity.
Speaker 1: Absolutely. And as a follow up, how do you balance finding someone who will integrate well with the team while fostering a diverse team?
Speaker 1: So a little bit about like the hiring on to, you know, your, your team.
Speaker 1: Yeah. So when I think about diversity, diversity still has to be anchored on certain foundations in the team.
Speaker 2: Certain functional or, you know, foundational cultural elements of the team.
Speaker 2: Now diversity does not necessarily mean, you know, you know,
Speaker 2: Clash, clashing thoughts that does not allow the team to forward.
Speaker 2: It just means a different thought that allows us to grow more and more.
Speaker 2: So when I'm thinking about incorporating diversity into my team, I'm making sure that every aspect of diversity that I think about is grounded on the specific foundation of elements of the team.
Speaker 1: So if I'm hiring for diversity, I'm thinking how does the diversity that I'm considering help innovation?
Speaker 1: How does the diversity that I'm considering help us to solve problems?
Speaker 1: I do that. So I'll give you an example.
Speaker 1: Right now, I'm, I'm a managing partner at the date of our solutions and we started to expand our client base to Africa.
Speaker 1: And what that meant was a lot of the people that we were working with here in the United States, which was great.
Speaker 2: But we also needed people who understood the stuff African market, the Rwanda market and the Kenya market.
Speaker 2: And so we started having to think about people in those areas that would give us more context.
Speaker 2: So we started expanding our hiring bases.
Speaker 2: Now, the goal of that was really to expand our thoughts pattern, our problem solving skills in relation to the specific market that we were looking to target.
Speaker 2: So that's how we think about incorporating, yeah, talent in front.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 1: Have you ever received any like tough feedback or given tough feedback as a result of like, you know, the hiring process or onboarding process?
Speaker 1: I recall early on in my career when I had my first manager role as an engineering manager.
Speaker 1: Because I was in a very, very heavy technical environment.
Speaker 1: Now, when you think about engineering environment, it's either something works or it doesn't.
Speaker 2: There's no subject to activity.
Speaker 2: And so it was very performance driven.
Speaker 2: And so my first experience as a manager, I was very focused on hiring for performance versus hiring for cultural fate.
Speaker 2: And so part of that was a gap that was seen on the team where we had so many high performers that were struggling with adapting to the culture of the organization.
Speaker 2: And so part of the feedback that had gotten received at the time was making sure there was a clear balance of performance and culture of fate.
Speaker 1: But also where we may have that gap seeking for ways to provide mentorship.
Speaker 1: And you know, partnership for these folks to be able to, you know, cover that gap.
Speaker 1: So that's one thing I've learned over time.
Speaker 1: Absolutely.
Speaker 1: And when it comes to, you know, maybe like onboarding and thinking about bringing new individuals onto your team,
Speaker 2: how do you keep continuous feedback top of mind?
Speaker 2: So the new hires on your team can really understand how they're doing.
Speaker 2: Yeah, so when new hires join my team, I make sure that we have a very structured approach in terms of onboarding for them.
Speaker 2: While I was at the law, this was something that was very top of mind for consulting.
Speaker 2: And so what we typically had was we had a one month onboarding program for the individuals that got hired.
Speaker 1: And really, week one was about integrating themselves into the team and then we had, you know,
Speaker 1: cadence each of the aspects of the team or the work that they needed to focus on.
Speaker 1: And then making sure that feedback wasn't also just negative feedback at the beginning and positive feedback to ensure that that trust was being built.
Speaker 1: And so part of how I give feedback even is based off of signals that I even hear in the interviews.
Speaker 1: And when I see that clear out as they get onboarded, I provide feedback to say, hey, you know, I heard you say, you were a good communicator and so far as we've started introducing you to the stakeholders
Speaker 2: I've seen that you've been communicating well, however, these are areas that, you know, you think we should align them, but also setting clear goals and expectations.
Speaker 2: For the team to make sure that whatever they're doing is an alignment with those clear goals and objectives and allowing them autonomy to continue to evolve their work.
Speaker 2: Awesome, awesome, that's great.
Speaker 2: Well, that is all of the areas that Sunita wanted me to cover, so we definitely went through them quickly, which is totally fine.
Speaker 2: But as I mentioned, I want to make sure that you have time to ask me questions, so I will turn it to you.
Speaker 1: Absolutely, thank you so much.
Speaker 1: So I see that you've been here for 10 years, that's pretty admirable time to be somewhere, congratulations.
Speaker 1: And in terms of the culture, how have you seen the culture evolve, especially with what they see in the Netflix culture, remember that the culture evolves, how have you particularly seen the culture evolve about the past 10 years?
Speaker 1: I mean, I think the obvious ones is a truly operating like the global company, you know, 10 years ago, we didn't have offices overseas, we didn't have employees overseas and honestly not even subscribers.
Speaker 1: Quite yet. And so, you know, that push to be more global.