Speaker 1: That's a touch on something which is very close.
Speaker 1: Like you mentioned, you have system implementation experience
Speaker 1: and you kind of implement risk accordingly.
Speaker 1: So is that what you were referring to
Speaker 1: where you kind of hit this middle ground
Speaker 2: so that every the consumable audience can be bulk?
Speaker 2: Absolutely. So that's where I know that I have a very unique expertise.
Speaker 2: The translation effect over risk.
Speaker 2: So if I could translate that in terms of risk being high-level,
Speaker 2: when I think about the hierarchy or the cascading of risk,
Speaker 1: we have things we call risk domains.
Speaker 1: Like regulatory, operational, technological
Speaker 1: that you would use to record back to management at a very high level.
Speaker 1: But in order to translate that to an engineer for example,
Speaker 1: I have to think about what are the specific risk domains
Speaker 2: that would apply in their room. So if I'm talking to an engineer,
Speaker 2: I shouldn't be talking to him about GDPR risk per se.
Speaker 2: I should be talking to him about taking a logical risk
Speaker 2: that overlay on top of what GDPR requirements.
Speaker 2: Oh, that's perfect. Okay, that's awesome.
Speaker 1: This is music to my ears. Okay, so can you walk me through
Speaker 1: something that you've done? And I also have a heavy engineering background.
Speaker 1: So pretend I'm running just give me an example of whatever you're
Speaker 1: and tell me the risks as an executive.
Speaker 1: And tell me the risk as an engineer as well.
Speaker 2: Yeah, so let me know if there is a preferable option.
Speaker 2: I can pick a regulatory risk that I'm evaluating from a regulation standpoint
Speaker 2: or from an issue that arose in the organization.
Speaker 2: It's either or.
Speaker 2: Okay, yeah. So if I were to pick a GDPR regulation, for example,
Speaker 1: and I wanted to talk about the risk associated with GDPR
Speaker 1: to management versus the risk associated with GDPR to an engineer,
Speaker 1: there's different approaches that I would take. So number one,
Speaker 1: the first thing that I want to evaluate. Yeah, so give me give me like one evaluation criteria
Speaker 1: of GDPR that you're focusing on and then you can
Speaker 2: extrapolate it to the management as well as that we I can test you and how you're
Speaker 2: knowledge on GDPR. And also I can test you on how you are articulating the risk
Speaker 2: to a management person and to an engineer. Yeah, absolutely. So if I wanted to test risk
Speaker 2: from, you know, a reporting standpoint, I would provide the risk of GDPR at a more domain level.
Speaker 2: So I would think about from a GDPR standpoint, what do our regulatory risk look like?
Speaker 1: And when I talk about regulatory risk, I'm referring to things around number one,
Speaker 1: finds number one, what that means from, you know, a reputational standpoint for our organization
Speaker 1: with that outside regulators. Number three, I would think about it from an operational perspective.
Speaker 1: What is the risk of also not being able to operate in European regions as a result of
Speaker 1: not meeting our requirement? I would also think about our risk from what does that mean from
Speaker 2: a scrutiny perspective towards like, if we don't completely now, many times people think about what
Speaker 2: if we don't meet, but sometimes it's about not completely meeting that an exposure to additional
Speaker 2: scrutiny to the regulators. So at a very high level is helping our organizations, leaders,
Speaker 2: understand how is our organization impacted? Yeah, so what I meant, like, okay, you know, in GDPR,
Speaker 2: we have these articles, right? What I meant, like, you know, you have like articles, six. Yeah,
Speaker 1: I think it's like, and from what I would say, so I think five is data subject rights. We have our data
Speaker 1: walk me through, how are you implementing data subject rights? Like, I think that's article what
Speaker 1: 12. So how are you implementing data subject rights and the need to implement data subject rights
Speaker 1: to an executive and how are you going to explain that to an engineer specifically? Yeah, you need to go through
Speaker 1: like the right to access all this rights, you know, that right to certification, right to an engineer.
Speaker 2: Yeah, absolutely. So I want to make sure that I understand where you want me to go, because I can go in
Speaker 2: different directions. So maybe say, from a data subject rights perspective, am I communicating
Speaker 2: the leadership, the importance of doing that, or how can implement that, which one is that? Yeah,
Speaker 2: how, how, why we need to implement it, right? And how to implement it? Okay,
Speaker 2: for me. Because as a leader, I need to know where to invest, right? Yeah. Right. And then
Speaker 1: to an engineer, what he needs to do specifically? Absolutely, absolutely. So number one, the major
Speaker 1: reason why and I think about leadership is also in different departments. So I could be talking to VP
Speaker 1: marketing. I could be talking to VP. No, in this case talk to the CEO. The CEO, technical officer.
Speaker 1: So when I think about the importance of driving or implementing an effective data subject rights
Speaker 1: program, the first thing I can think about when I'm talking to our chief technical officer. I mean,
Speaker 2: you're talking about like chief technical officer and reference to his leading the engineering team. He's
Speaker 2: not like the compliance person. He's just like an engineering leader. Okay. Yeah. So in for the
Speaker 2: the reason why it's important for us to implement a data subject, right? Just, you know,
Speaker 2: requirement processes. Number one, we have a regulatory requirement that we have an organization
Speaker 2: as subject to. And if we don't meet that, we have fines that are associated with that. And if we
Speaker 1: also don't do that properly, it also exposes us to lack of trust from our customers. Now, from a
Speaker 1: process standpoint perspective, the first thing we want to think about is what are the different ways
Speaker 1: that we want to accept to request from our customers? Like what as an organization, what is our
Speaker 1: mode of communication to our customers? Now, there are many cases where you may want to use an email
Speaker 1: LES, for example, you may want to get a portal. Those are the different things that we also think about.
Speaker 2: And then the number two thing is, how do we establish data's part of our privacy program? Or if the
Speaker 2: privacy, if data subject rights is going to be part of like a larger program, maybe a security and
Speaker 2: privacy program, for example, what teams do we want to dedicate to that? Are we going to have a specific
Speaker 2: team dedicated to data subject rights where they're going to be responsible daily? Or are we going to have
Speaker 2: a combination of like different teams from legal and compliance? And maybe like, you know, privacy
Speaker 1: operations like coming together and sitting down and triaging together, what's that going to look like,
Speaker 1: the mode of operation? And I'm talking about the operating model now, when it comes to data subject rights.
Speaker 1: The next thing is that the reason why I was saying what our mode of collection is,
Speaker 1: is because I want to talk about the technological investment on what our mode of operation would look like
Speaker 1: when we're collecting data. Now, if we decide that we want to automate the process of how to like,
Speaker 2: for example, I've seen organizations implemented a subject rights through email, a very manual process.
Speaker 2: And then somebody has to look at it. I've also seen like, you may also know like,
Speaker 2: meta, we have the AYI, the DYI that you can go to on Facebook and just download your information
Speaker 2: except when you need something. So in order to understand how that's going to operate, we have to
Speaker 2: think about what is the technological impact of that? Are there systems in our organization today that
Speaker 1: can integrate with the data subject rights system where we don't have to build something from scratch?
Speaker 1: As soon as we were now trying to meet these data subject rights requirements for the first time,
Speaker 1: or do we have to build a system from scratch? Number two, do we want to use in-house tools?
Speaker 1: Or do we want to think about buying tools or, you know, subscribing to like one trust, for example,
Speaker 1: externally, I know to be there. So I can go on and on, but I want to dive deep also into how we think about it
Speaker 2: for the engineers. But let me know if you want me to keep going or you want me to dive into the engineering space.
Speaker 2: Let's jump dive into the engineering. Yeah. So when I think about the engineering team,
Speaker 2: so let's say now we've thought about we know how we want to think about moving forward,
Speaker 2: we've determined what technology we want to use, we want to build tools in-house.
Speaker 2: The thing that I want to think about is, when you think about your data subject rights system,
Speaker 1: the first thing you want to think about is integrating that with an identity access management system.
Speaker 1: And the reason why is because when you take data subject rights, one of the ways that you can validate
Speaker 1: the individuals that are requesting that access or the access or modification to their data,
Speaker 1: it's been able to validate their identity. I have worked extensively in data subject rights
Speaker 1: and I've seen cases where people would ask for data on behalf of somebody else.
Speaker 2: And as a company, we just didn't realize that people were asking for data on behalf of somebody else
Speaker 2: and not their data on we're grinding them that data. So there has to be the overall system I have to think about.
Speaker 2: What's my system going to look like from intake all the way to the completion of the request?
Speaker 2: And what are the specific components of that system I want to automate?
Speaker 2: Because again, like I told you, we kind of have seen where you automate the intake process,
Speaker 1: but the triage process is more so involved. It's a combination of automation and humans also looking at the request.
Speaker 1: Because in certain cases also, there are requests that are coming as just as simple as I want to access my data.
Speaker 1: But there are other requests that are coming that are very deep dive into.
Speaker 1: Oh, I realized that my data was being used for x, y, d, z in the start part environment.
Speaker 1: Tell me, give me one information on that now.
Speaker 2: That's not a request that can be easily resolved just like that.
Speaker 2: But now to the extent that you start to scale your process and see many of those requests that you
Speaker 2: can then feed an AI model with to help you continue to drive those requests and make your systems self-operating.
Speaker 2: At that point, when you're still building up your system, you still have to evaluate their outliers
Speaker 2: that our system might not be able to fully solve by itself.
Speaker 1: That if humans need to go in, take a look at that.
Speaker 1: So again, just working through in a systemized manner, I would think about number one, what does our intake process look like?
Speaker 1: I will be able to ensure that that intake process is integrated with some sort of like
Speaker 1: IAM system or just like an authentication system that allows us to verify the identity of the users.
Speaker 1: Now, immediately, we get the request, what does our SLL look like?
Speaker 2: Now, we have to think about, from a GDPR standpoint, I believe the last time I checked
Speaker 2: maybe 24 to 72 hours is where you acknowledge, it doesn't say that you have to respond yet.
Speaker 2: So we have to hold our sister higher accountability standard so that if our systems feel
Speaker 2: we would not necessarily be feeling GDPR, so from my experience, when GDPR says 72 hours,
Speaker 2: as a company with hold our cells accountable to 24 hours.
Speaker 1: So if anything happens in our system, if there were to be like any like, you know,
Speaker 1: breakage and system or transition, we still have an opportunity to get some of those hours.
Speaker 1: And then when you think about what your SLL looks like, you have to think about the different systems
Speaker 1: that have to be working in order to allow you to achieve that SLL.
Speaker 1: And then from when you think about, now that we've established what our SLL looks like,
Speaker 2: number three is establishing what is triage going to look like.
Speaker 2: I'm going to be able to categorize requests immediately to comment it's a high risk request,
Speaker 2: medium risk request, low risk request, where they fall into a different bucket of oppression,
Speaker 2: and somebody can easily pick that and the ones that are low risk requests go to the automation process
Speaker 2: immediately and where it would to resolve that. Or I can go on and on, but I could stop.
Speaker 1: Now I think that's fine, now you develop, thank you so much.
Speaker 1: Actually, okay, cool. Now, I think that's it for me. So I just wanted to ask
Speaker 1: why you should go ahead and meta right now, right? So why do you want to move to TikTok?
Speaker 1: Yeah, I'm ready for a new challenge. I am having a good time at meta. I love the work that I do,
Speaker 1: but as somebody who's experienced the opportunity for growth in the career in different times,
Speaker 2: I'm ready for something new in a new environment to take on new challenges and learn.
Speaker 2: I consider myself to be a privacy and security expert, but what we're going to realize is when
Speaker 2: I expose myself to a new environment totally, it helps me to just like recalibrate and learn and
Speaker 2: read it. So I'm looking forward to that in TikTok if I can.
Speaker 2: Yeah, I mean, TikTok is probably one of the most I used to work at meta. I moved from meta to here.
Speaker 1: It's probably the most challenging environment you could possibly imagine.
Speaker 2: So if you want to challenge, it's probably definitely a challenge. Now, not to mention,
Speaker 2: I'm just going to be very candid with you. It is a kind of, as I mentioned before, it's not a
Speaker 2: nine to five job. It is a very dispersed because the company in its nature is truly in my experience,
Speaker 2: and I have been around Silicon Valley my entire life. It's truly a global company.
Speaker 1: What I really mean by that is, you know, in meta, you know, you had decisions kind of made in
Speaker 1: metal park, right? In Apple, decisions are made in Cooperate. You know, in TikTok,
Speaker 1: decisions are truly made at a global scale, right? You don't have one person sitting at one location.
Speaker 1: It's dispersed across the globe. Due to that reason, it is not a standard 95 job, right?
Speaker 1: But there's advantages. I mean, I used to work at meta. You get very good at one particular
Speaker 2: domain over time in TikTok, because it's a very lean and high execution oriented team,
Speaker 2: and it's also, like, how meta was pre-IPL, right? There's a huge bigger impact for every individual
Speaker 2: that we bring along. It's a little bit more fulfilling that way, because there's a lot of visibility,
Speaker 2: a lot of flatness, and a bigger opportunity to make impact. But it comes with its challenges. It's not
Speaker 2: like a cruise job. So I want to write that up. The second thing is we do travel a lot, and what I mean
Speaker 1: by that is we don't travel locally, we travel globally. And it's because we are dispersed,
Speaker 1: quite, so we travel quite often to Singapore, quite often to Dublin, which I think where your teams are,
Speaker 1: as well. So, you know, there's kind of a requirement that is not a requirement. It's just like,
Speaker 1: you probably will be traveling as per discussion, right? So that's something to keep in mind.
Speaker 1: Um, but again, as I said, it comes with its challenges, but it is very, very fulfilling in my honest
Speaker 2: opinion, right? So, um, yeah, so any questions for me? Sorry. Yeah, absolutely, and thank you for that was
Speaker 2: super helpful in just helping me understand, like, expectations going into this. I've also, you know,
Speaker 2: had some conversation with some folks as well, through the course of my interview here. So that's just
Speaker 2: like, super, um, like, an additional affirmation to everything that I've been hearing. So thank you for
Speaker 2: providing that. Um, I'm curious to hear, um, from just a comparison perspective, the compliance culture,
Speaker 1: and when I say compliance culture, I'm talking more so about, like, adoption rate. So I think it was helpful
Speaker 1: for you to call out the fact that decisions are made at, like, a global level versus, like, a
Speaker 1: member park and things like that. How does that impact the speed or the efficiency of work or
Speaker 1: driving work? Um, in your opinion, it's going to be compliance that way. Okay, so it's a little bit different here
Speaker 1: in the sense that, um, it's a cultural difference, a significant cultural difference. Um, so in meta,
Speaker 2: you needed when you were managing teams, I managed big teams at meta. And I can tell you, you,
Speaker 2: you need to have a general consensus from the bottom up to, to do. So if 10 people had different
Speaker 2: opinion, you needed to make sure there's middle ground for these 10 different opinions, because of that,
Speaker 2: the time, turnaround time is kind of big, right? Um, we hear it's heavy execution focused. So
Speaker 2: it is bottom up, but to a degree, it is very top down to it. So it's somewhere in the middle
Speaker 1: to be honest with you. Because of that, decisions are made extremely fast here, right? Okay.
Speaker 1: And also the engineering capability is far more, um, because the engineers are dispersed in multiple areas.
Speaker 1: So we have more engineer per capita than meta, meta. So if you have one engineer working in
Speaker 1: meta, we have an equal and a five engineers here working on that same function here. Not to say
Speaker 1: we can scale, we can always get more. But because of that, you know, tooling, iteration on tooling,
Speaker 2: whatever you need. So you mentioned, you know, um, archer and, um, you know, these other systems
Speaker 2: for compliance before, um, we build them, we build them and we build them at a very, very fast rate,
Speaker 2: like very, very quickly. Um, and we have capabilities to fix issues really, really fast.
Speaker 1: So if the thing is you need to give your directions need to be very specific on what you exactly need.
Speaker 1: So that is a very cultural thing. You need to be very, we're both in your direction and you have to
Speaker 2: tell them what you need and they will get it done and it will get done very fast. But you have to be very
Speaker 2: clear in the instructions that you provide. Um, so that is a cultural difference. The speed is
Speaker 2: something that is mind boggling we fast here. Physicians are made very fast. We operated a super fast rate.
Speaker 1: And as I said before, we execute, we, we have a bunch of people here thirsty for direction. You just
Speaker 1: need to be able to give that direction. That's all, right? So that's kind of the way I see things here.
Speaker 2: So yeah, hope that answers your question. It does. Thank you. Um, one other question that I had for you
Speaker 2: from your experience here, it almost sounds like you've been here coming up to almost two years now.
Speaker 2: How would you say that an individual who's coming in can set themselves up for success in the
Speaker 2: first year? What would you say in your, your, your, your self was successful like in your first year here at
Speaker 2: six o'clock? I think no different than any other companies to impact that you're able to
Speaker 1: to, to drive, right? Um, and risk is something that is already by the nature of it is high impact.
Speaker 1: But the problem that the uphill that you need to face is getting your network and the XFN
Speaker 1: aligned. What I mean by that is first you need to plug into the culture that we have, a colleagues we
Speaker 1: have in China in different regions, accept them, accept their perspectives, and also understand how to
Speaker 1: direct them. The sooner you have an open mind to do it, because one thing I noticed by hiring
Speaker 2: people who come from a meta, come from a Google or come from an Apple is
Speaker 2: they tend to be on a different level, they or and keep themselves there without an open mind on how people
Speaker 2: think at a different level. It's not like they're lower than you, it's just that they operate differently.
Speaker 2: Yeah. So what I always recommend is come with an open mind because there's a perspective that you're
Speaker 2: going to see that is unlike any other company that you would see before, but you should be accepting
Speaker 1: off that open mind, right? Tell me you're there. Yes. I think I lost you. Hello. Hello. Oh no. Tell me you're there.
Speaker 1: Can you hear me?
Speaker 1: Hello, this is Shani. Hello, Shani.
Speaker 2: I think the good thing that the interview was over.
Speaker 2: Yeah, I was listening to you to the point where you were talking about having an open mind.
Speaker 1: Yeah, that's right. Yes, so that's kind of my feedback for the entire thing is, you know,
Speaker 1: the sooner you accept and understand the ability to work, you can do a lot of things in this company.
Speaker 1: And that wouldn't be the judge of the impact, I guess, right? So it's directly related.
Speaker 1: Yeah, so does that sort of make sense, hopefully that can relate to you as well?
Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah, 100% that's really good advice for me. And taking that from somebody who came from,
Speaker 2: went from consulting to meta. I thought I knew everything that's, you know, about privacy,
Speaker 2: because I had done it for like 90 different companies, but at meta, I had to learn and really.
Speaker 2: So I get that as such of just like putting your, your crowns down in like you're just like digging deep and learning new things.
Speaker 2: So yeah, I get that. Yeah, yeah, all right, heavy. Thank you so much for your time.
Speaker 2: Yeah, thank you. It was a pleasure talking to you. I'm sure the coordinator will contact you pretty soon.
Speaker 1: Okay. Awesome. Thank you so much, Lindsay. Take care. Cheers, bye.
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: What do you just say?
Speaker 2: Wait, wait. I'm going to enter this coma.